He will put some charts, unfortunately I don't have anything like that.
My strategy is so simple, I think you can learn in 5 minutes.
And I didn't do anything in that option, there is a famous strategy 920 straddle, I used to do that.
The strategy of 920 straddle was refined a little more.
While refining, I came to non-directional.
I got a lot of money in non-directional.
I mean, if my expectation is 20-30% yearly, then he will give 40-50% also.
If a stock is corrected too much, then this system is not giving you trade on its own.
It won't give, you won't get it.
You want to sell, but you won't be able to sell.
This can be done in Bank Nifty.
Realistically, I would have told you that I make mistakes.
Your expectation is 2-3%, fortunately God will give more than that.
But if you are expecting 5-6%, you will never achieve that.
Although if you expect more, you will get less in that case.
This is the philosophy of life.
Imagine that you are an MBA, an IIM graduate, and you are in the business of trading.
And one day, 5% of your capital is lost.
How will you feel?
You will be nervous.
You will think, what has happened?
This shouldn't happen to me.
Right? Because generally, bad things don't happen to educated people.
Or they believe that bad things shouldn't happen to them.
But today, those who are with me face-to-face,
By the way, today is the face-to-face of trading.
Today, those who are with me, they will tell me how they are feeling after their 5% capital loss yesterday.
What mistake they had made?
And generally, what strategy they use to make money by trading in the market.
Friends, my name is Vivek Bajaj and I am your host.
I hope you are connected with me.
And if you are not connected, then subscribe to the channel.
I generally don't tell you to subscribe to the channel.
But I feel that there are many people like you who are connected to the channel, but maybe they are not subscribing.
If you don't subscribe, how will YouTube know that this person is doing a good job?
So subscribe quickly.
And if possible, tell me in the comments whether you like the work we are doing, whether it is beneficial for you or not.
Today, we are recording 302 face-to-face.
And this is trading face-to-face.
Today, those who are connected with me are an IIM graduate.
I started a business after my MBA.
And we do trading for just two days a week.
That's all we do.
And we are making good money.
So let's welcome our guest, Ravi Mathur.
Hello, how are you?
I am good, sir. I am good.
Thank you very much for inviting me.
It's a pleasure to be here, sir, actually.
I have been watching face-to-face for many years.
I think it's a mecca of the trading world.
You have taught everyone.
And the faces you have called here, I don't think there is any issue of credibility.
So I am really glad to be here.
As you said today, we will talk about loss.
Apart from that, we will also talk about my journey and the strategy I use.
So let's start.
Yes, I will give a small disclaimer.
Friends, I have seen that many times after recording face-to-face, whoever comes, there is a pressure on them.
Because a lot of people approach them.
A lot of people expect from them.
See, they should do it because he is a superstar.
So they should expect from him.
But many people go a little overboard.
Criticism also increases.
You know, this is a natural thing.
So I will just request all of you that whoever comes, it is very difficult to convince them to come and share their knowledge.
You see, in face-to-face, we always try to be the first one to invite any guest who may not be anywhere else.
So you take great care.
Don't get so excited about them that teach me.
Manage my money.
Or you are saying wrong, he is saying frantically.
Don't do this.
Use this capsule to learn and prepare yourself.
That is most important.
They are coming, they are teaching.
More than sufficient for us.
All right.
So, neither you gave me money, nor did I give you money.
Yes, sir.
I will also give this disclaimer.
Because this is also going on.
Some people say that money charges like this.
No, no, I have not given any money.
Okay, thank you so much for all the disclaimers.
So, Ravi bhai, you know this flow.
Let's start.
First about you, your journey.
Okay.
So, let's start from the start, sir.
So, I have an army background.
My father was in the army.
We were traveling everywhere.
We have been living here for three years.
Then the second posting is going on.
Then I studied till 12th and went on like this.
After 12th, everyone was doing engineering.
So we also thought that this is the future, do engineering.
We went to do engineering, did engineering for four years.
After that, everyone thought that no, we have to do MBA.
So then we took the path of MBA.
Which engineering?
I did engineering, B.Tech, B.Tech in IT.
Okay.
Then after that, I gave two years for engineering.
Now, when I got admission in engineering in NITI Mumbai, there was a lot of, because you are also an MBA yourself, so you get a lot of safety there. You get a safety net that okay, one job is secure, you will get a job after two years.
So I had a little bit inside me that I am doing something,
I have to make my product.
So, I fully utilized that two-year period to make something.
Okay.
So, in my college time only, I made a product.
When I was about to pass out, that product was doing very well.
Oh, wow.
A lot of brands came in it, a lot of users started coming to us.
So finally, when 2000 was completed, then I decided that no, let's opt out of placement.
So I left the placement and then at the same time, I joined my business full-time.
Okay.
So, I set up the whole business in Noida.
Then it is going very well, I think it is still going very well.
We work with brands.
We have a lot of products for D2C brands, in which we handle their user acquisition. Then recently, we have made an influencer marketing product.
Okay.
Where we work with brands, on the other side, we have influencers.
So, we have a very good product with them, that is also going on.
Let me tell you the story of trading.
So, in 2000, a lot of people came to you face-to-face.
I am also like them, a COVID trader.
The story started in 2020.
When COVID started, after COVID, time, suddenly, a lot of time came to you.
So, the time came, around May-June,
I used to follow a community, CapitalMind.com, I am sure a lot of people know it.
So, there was a Slack community, a paid community.
I was a member there.
Unfortunately, they have closed it now, but it's a really good community.
So, what people used to do there,
I was not aware of it, I used to do a lot in stocks.
So, people used to come in the morning, they used to discuss something.
And by 3.30, they used to post a screenshot, that today someone's 10,000 rupees have been made, someone's 20,000 rupees have been made.
So, I was very intrigued, what is happening?
Then I understood in detail,
I saw that they were doing options.
And they didn't do anything in options, they used to do a famous strategy, 920 straddle.
So, they used to come in the morning, they used to sell straddle at 9.20, call and put.
And by 3.30, they used to make a decent amount of return.
So, I understood, then I also started deploying it.
This went on for a year,
I gave a very good return for 6-7 months, then there were hits, when the stop-loss hit, then I realized, no, something else is happening. Then I started reading a little.
I think the best source to read is Zerodha Varsity.
I read everything from Varsity, what are the options, what are Greeks?
And gradually, the 920 straddle strategy,
I refined it a little more.
While refining, I came in non-directional.
After 2020, from 21st to 21st, 22nd, 23rd, it was full non-directional.
And I made a lot of money in non-directional.
If my expectation is 20-30% annually, then it can give 40-50% too. Wow! Because you don't know.
And it used to be very good.
And I am telling you that I am taking only one trade in a week.
Only expiry.
At that time, only Nifty's expiry used to happen.
On Thursday, I used to take a day off from office and only trade.
And I used to make easily 1% return.
If there was a hit or miss, then on an average, 30-40% used to be made easily yearly.
Nice.
The whole story was going on.
Then in 2024, there was a wild move.
Some people are saying that it is manipulation.
Some are saying Jane Street.
Jane Street.
So, going here, the non-directional also stopped working.
So, I refined the strategy.
And then I moved completely to non-directional option selling.
Okay.
So, it is a lot of peace of mind.
I don't want to do what my nature is.
I don't want to give 6-8 hours in the screen.
So, I still trade twice a week.
I do expiry trade.
And I keep my positions in stocks.
I opened it once a week.
It has become a very peaceful way of making money.
A decent return is being made.
But the expiry day is a bit hectic.
Because you have to punch continuous orders from morning to evening.
But the option is a bit less in directional.
If you go in non-directional.
Okay.
Buying, selling?
Selling is happening.
Selling.
Yes, selling.
Okay.
Do you invest in stocks?
No, I am selling options in stocks.
Oh, nice.
So, the strategy that was going on in intraday,
I thought that this is also going on in intraday.
Why not do it in stocks? But it won't be intraday.
It won't be intraday in that case.
But because it has only one expiry, Monthly expiry.
So, you have sent it in directional easily.
If you feel that this stock will go up.
So, what did you do?
You have sent its put side.
And you are sitting comfortably.
Till the time decay value is not going to 0,
You are leaving it.
Right.
So, we will talk about that now.
So, it is a very peaceful way of making money.
And stocks, 0 DT is a bit hectic.
But definitely, the returns are very good in 0 DT.
If you understand money,
If you want to make money in real, then Zero DT is a very good opportunity.
If it gets shut down weekly, I am not sure what will happen.
No, it is not going to get shut down.
Don't stress, it is not going to get shut down.
Even I feel that it is not going to happen.
It is a very different thing.
Let's leave it for some other day.
I will record about it.
Ravi Kumar Mathur.
Let me make a correction.
Actually, I missed it.
Ravi Kumar Mathur is a boy next door story.
He is struggling and doing something.
He is moving ahead and looking for new opportunities.
The biggest thing is that you didn't take a job.
You became an entrepreneur immediately after education.
Very few people in the country have the ability to do that.
That is why you are successful in trading.
I think so.
Because you have an enterprising mindset.
You are a businessman.
This is very important actually.
If you understand trading, it is a business.
If you understand it like gambling, you may not be able to keep it for 6 months.
I believe in two things.
You have to take trading as a business.
Like you are making a balance sheet in business.
You are making profit and loss.
You are keeping the details of everything.
You will have to keep it in trading too.
Your example is that you will do journaling.
I do journaling.
It is very beneficial.
Secondly, I think trading is just the same as MBA.
If you are thinking that I will do a course for 1 month, 10 days and then I will become a trader.
This is not going to happen.
If you go to take a professional degree, it takes 3-4 years.
This is also there.
So, I think the most important thing in the market is that you just give time.
Don't wipe out your account for 4 years.
You will become a trader yourself.
Very good.
I just want to add here because this is actually a very important topic on which it is necessary to talk.
Some people are very successful traders and some people are not able to do it.
It is very important that we introspect and know that am I a person who is very comfortable doing a job or am I a person who has intrinsic quality of becoming a businessman?
Because the job mentality, I mean there is nothing wrong with being a job guy.
Okay, let me clear this.
It is not necessary.
If all these people become businessmen, then who will work under them?
So, it is okay if they want to do a job, right?
But it is very difficult for them that they can make money by trading.
It is better for them to invest.
Invest in a job for a long time, invest money in businesses, do that.
But never make the mistake that you are made for the job but you are trading because you saw on Twitter that someone has made a lot of money.
Absolutely right.
I mean both have a very different mindset.
If you think about the business mindset, then you will see things very clearly.
If you are doing a job, unfortunately, the objective is to make money as soon as possible.
A businessman thinks that I have to live for 10 years, I have to do this for 20 years.
Why should I take all the risks today?
Risk management is inherent in a business person.
Maybe the job will take more time, but the business person can easily take it.
Very good.
His friend Akshay, who did face-to-face with us, I will give the link of his video.
You must watch it.
Watch both the videos together.
Very strong understanding.
Akshay said a very lovely thing that I am trading for 17-18% CAGR.
So, it was a very interesting observation for me that trading means that I want 30-35% return.
But here comes a person who says that I am looking at a career of 40-50 years.
So, I will generate 17% CAGR.
So, I will easily make Rs. 100 crores.
Why should I take stress?
Absolutely.
So, this is the business mentality.
This is it.
And somewhere you will see that all the successful traders, some traits are very common in them.
You will find them very common.
If they are successful, then there is a reason behind it.
Some people come after reading books.
Maybe guidance comes from someone.
It is inherent in someone.
So, this is it.
Like risk management, long-term thinking, this is there.
If you take out the list of successful traders and find out what is common in them, then all these things will come out in it.
Very nice.
So, I will speak less now.
Because some people will say, let him speak.
Ravi, go ahead.
Okay.
So, I have made a small PPT.
In this, we will see what strategy I deploy, how I use it.
If you want to understand my strategy, then I think you will have to understand Fibonacci.
How it works.
We will talk about that.
And if there is a viewer here who is thinking that he will put a chart, unfortunately, I don't have anything like that.
My strategy is so simple.
I think you can learn in 5 minutes.
But to implement it, you will have to learn it in the live market.
It will take time.
So, it is very easy.
I don't think if you don't have much knowledge of trading before today, you can still learn it today.
It is such an easy strategy.
So, sometimes when I make money, I think it shouldn't be that easy.
How is money being made so easily?
Because when we used to start, we used to put a lot of indicators.
When a person starts trading, he puts 10 indicators.
But later I realized that no, simple things only work in the market.
Okay.
So, let's start, sir.
First of all, the title of the PPT I have given is Peace over Profit.
With time, I understood that profit will come if you have inner peace.
And many times when I lose, I feel that inner peace doesn't happen that day.
You think, okay, I have been making profit for 10 days.
Today I hit another hat-trick or I hit another six.
Now your wicket flies there.
Yes.
So, that's why I think Peace over Profit is the name.
Here we will talk about directional option selling using Fibonacci levels.
Interesting.
Overall, this is my strategy.
Its principle is simple.
Its principle is simple.
Keep it simple, stupid.
I call it keep it super simple.
Okay.
So, as I said, it is a very simple strategy.
You can deploy this in monthly as well.
In direction, if you want to use it in intraday, you can use it in intraday.
If you want to use it in gold, wherever you want to use it, this strategy will work everywhere.
It is not specific to index.
Now, there is a big advantage of this strategy.
That is, many times people decide whether they want to take a trade or not.
They get very confused in this.
You unnecessarily take a trade.
When we look at this, the strategy will tell you that your trade is not going to take place today.
Okay.
You don't want to take a trade.
So, this is inherently built in it.
Okay.
We will see this.
And risk management is also built in it.
Okay.
So, we will understand these things later.
Okay.
It works equally well in 0DT.
I told you that.
In 0DT, that is a very low frequency trading.
So, in that case, we will reduce the time frame.
When we are selling monthly, we will apply the same strategy on the daily time frame.
If we are doing intraday, then we will run it at 15 minutes.
Okay.
And I start doing it even at 5 minutes after 15 minutes.
So, this Fibonacci works even at a lower time frame.
It works very well.
You run it even at 5 minutes.
It works very well even at 5 minutes.
But generally, I have seen one thing, Ravi.
Let's assume that Fibonacci is an indicator.
I mean, technically, it is not.
It is just a price level.
Generally, it works better in a longer time frame.
The shorter the time frame, the more noise it fills.
So, it works less.
It is not the same in Fibonacci.
In intraday, sir, because the time is very less.
And what we are doing, because we are also selling options.
Yes.
So, there is also a decay in our Fibonacci.
Okay.
Because you are not buying in directional.
You are selling.
So, you just need a level C that where do I have to sell.
So, it tells you this.
Okay.
So, in my case, when the day starts, I work in a 15-minute time frame.
As soon as the day starts closing after 12 o'clock,
I do the time frame at 5 minutes.
Okay.
So, before understanding the study, let's understand a little why I was non-directional before.
I did non-directional for 3-4 years.
After that, I came to directional.
So, first of all, you used to trade in 0DT.
The biggest issue in it was that it was very easy to make money before.
There were not many movements.
The market was stuck in a range.
You used to make money easily.
Okay.
But now this thing is not going to happen.
Now, let's come to the wild moves.
We saw this thing in 2024.
After that, what happened is that the adjustment stopped working for me.
In 2024, many times, we used to adjust the price to Delta.
That if call and put are sold at the same rate, then if my call goes to Rs.
80, then I will also sell put at Rs.
So, my price will match.
This is how non-directional people work.
But if your thing worth Rs.
20 has become Rs.
200, now how will you manage?
And this used to happen very frequently.
So, then I started having issues with non-directional.
The biggest issue started when my profit was Rs. 10 lakhs.
Out of that, I used to give Rs. 1.5 lakhs at least in brokerage and STT.
There were orders for the day.
You can understand that I have punched thousands of orders.
And it is very difficult for a discretionary trader.
So, when you wake up at 3.30 a.m. from your desk, then you feel exhausted.
So, I am working for someone else.
For someone else. So, you are punching thousands of orders one by one.
You are giving all the money in brokerage for Rs. 30,000-40,000.
So, that was an issue.
And the biggest issue is that non-directional has become so common in today's date that somewhere its edge has become a little less.
So, these were all the reasons that used to work before, now they don't.
Sorry.
It's my fault too.
It's your fault too.
9-20 strategy, Vishal Mehta.
They have finished that.
Directional selling is very good.
These are all positive things about it.
You have to take very few trades.
I am telling you, sometimes the 1000 trades that used to take place, sometimes you caught it from the direction.
In today's date, your work can be done in 10 trades.
The cost that used to go up to 15% of the profit,
I think it stays within 5% in today's date.
So, this is a very good advantage.
The second big advantage is that if the market goes trending one day, then your 3-5% can also be made.
Whereas, when I used to do non-directional, it didn't make that much money.
In that, you never made more than 1-1.5%, it was a very good day, but there was a loss in that too.
So, there are very good returns in this and it is scalable.
So, if you want to do it in gold, then you can use this thing.
If you understand the direction, if you understand the price action, then do it in gold.
If you are enjoying in crypto, then do it in crypto.
Because you cannot do non-directional in crypto.
You can only do it where there is liquidity in the option.
You can do it in futures.
So, I thought that if you want to stay in the market, you will have to understand the direction, how the market moves.
So, this is why I went from non-directional to directional selling.
You told us about gold.
Last Friday, we have released a face-to-face of someone who traded gold.
I forgot the name.
It is a similar kind of a thought process.
If money is made in the direction, then play that.
And that is a long-term sustainable business model because no one can take it from you.
No one can take it.
Okay.
So, let's come to the next.
Let's understand a little about Fibonacci.
So, what I think is that Fibonacci shows human behavior very well.
If you draw Fib, then you get levels in it.
For example, your level is 0.236, 0.5, 0.6.
These are different levels.
Now, in the market, your human behavior works in greed, fear, panic, etc.
So, we will see at what levels greed comes and where panic comes.
I have made a small slide, if you try to understand it.
The user may not understand in detail.
So, when the market is going up in this chart,
So, when it takes the first retracement and it is taking 0.382,
So, what happens is that in that case, no one is in panic.
Everyone thinks, let's buy a dip, let's buy a dip.
Let's take the example of gold, gold has gone up a lot.
When the first retracement will come to 0.3, then people will think,
No, no, I will put more money because there is hope here.
When it starts getting more correct, when it comes to level 0.5, 0.6, then people start questioning that maybe it will go down more.
A little panic will start now, but it has not come yet.
Okay, doubts start to be created.
As soon as the level of 0.7 breaks, it goes up to 1, after that panic starts.
Now people think that this is gold, if gold gets a little correct, 2-4-5% no one has any issue, maybe more people will put money.
If this starts to get 10-15% correct, you understand, half the people will run away.
Okay, and there is also a logic to this, because the late entrant, he will be the first to panic.
And the early entrants will book profit at this time.
So the panic comes when the level of 0.7 and 1 starts to break.
And after that, if the level of 1 breaks, then there is a level of 1.6.
If you have seen Fib, then there is a huge gap between the level of 1 and 1.6.
Why is it such a big gap?
Because when the level of 1 breaks, then panic comes in the market.
So when the support breaks, then the market falls very quickly.
So now we will understand how panic comes.
So now how can we use this thing in our strategy?
We will see that later.
Okay, this calculation from 0 to 1 is available on the internet.
But for that, my question is that when we take the lower level and hold it, and hold the upper level, then do you look close to close or low to high?
Sir, if I have made a wick candle, I take that too.
Because somewhere there is a reason for it.
If that wick is made, then some people came here who took the market.
So I draw Fib and take that wick too.
Okay, so you look low to high.
Yes, I look low to high.
Okay, got it.
So now we will talk about the strategy.
So first of all, what we have to do is, you have to open the chart and then draw supports.
Support, resistance.
Where is high, where is low, where did you make the last high, where did you make the last low.
Okay.
And there we will draw Fibonacci retracement.
You will get the levels very easily.
We have a simple strategy.
Now again, a lot of people will question that how can it be so easy.
So I have such a simple strategy.
What I do is, I sell the level of 1.6.
Okay.
1.6.
You understand how far you are from the market.
You are selling it.
And your stop loss will be somewhere around 0.786.
Okay.
Because you know that panic is about to come here.
So if you exit the position before the panic, then you will never get a big shock.
Okay.
And what are you selling?
You are selling very far.
Okay.
So the chances of loss are very less in this.
Okay.
So if we talk about the strategy, you have to hold high, hold low and then draw Fib.
After drawing Fib, you have to sell the level of 1.6 with a stop loss of 0.7.
Earlier, the market used to run back with a retracement of 0.5 or 0.6.
What is happening nowadays is that sometimes there is a deep correction, there is a fake breakout.
So I don't cut the position until the level of 0.786 is not breaking.
Interesting.
Interesting.
This is simple.
So where will we execute?
From the level of 1.6.
But you will sell either call or put.
Now we will understand how they will sell.
Because if the market is going down, then in that case, my Fib will be drawn from top to bottom.
So in that case, I will sell call.
So it is a simple strategy.
You have to draw 0.6.
There is a stop loss at 0.786.
You have to sell 1.6.
Okay.
These are some rules that I follow.
First, as I told you, you have to take entry at the level of 1.618.
As soon as the level of 7.62 breaches, you have to exit.
Target, if you are doing in stocks, let's take the example of stocks.
Nowadays, you can sell 1 lot for 1 lakh rupees.
When you are selling 1 lot for 1 lakh rupees, then the maximum profit you should get is 4,000-5,000-6,000 rupees.
Okay.
So this is done.
This is a monthly target.
My goal is 4-5%.
Let's say you have a 50 lakh rupees account.
So if 5% is being made, that's a lot.
4-5% if you are making, it's really good.
Too much.
Too much.
But it is made in small capital.
Okay.
But if you scale it like this, it will not be made.
Because there will be an issue of liquidity in the stock.
But if someone is doing it on a capital of 10-20 lakhs, then you can easily make 4%.
So mine is made in this.
Okay.
Without too much effort.
What is the maximum loss in this?
So if I have deployed 1 lakh rupees on it, then as soon as the hit of 10,000 rupees is applied, I will cut the position.
Irrespective of where the price is, what is the trend, this and that, nothing.
Yes.
Sometimes it happens that you have a strange situation, something has happened.
So that's why I have kept it.
Mostly when the level of 0.786 breaches, then you will have less loss than this.
Okay.
So maybe you just have to keep this in the back of the mind, but you will not need it.
Actually, 1.6 and 0.7 have a lot of distance.
Now you will see, sir.
Yes.
That's why money is being made in this.
Yes.
Because you are cutting your position long before.
Let's see.
Yes.
Then if the allocation is 10 lakh rupees, then you take 2.5 lakh in one trade.
In one time, you can run 3-4 trades.
Okay.
Now there is a very important thing in this, which I learned from my learning.
I learned that during the put, you should never sell a naked put.
Okay.
You should never close your eyes and sell it.
You have to hedge it all the time because you are taking a position in the stock.
At the same time, if you are selling a call, there is no issue if you sell a call.
You sell a naked.
There will be no problem.
But you should never sell a put by mistake and go naked.
You have to create spreads all the time.
Okay.
Okay, so this is my learning.
Spreads also means.
Spreads also means that if you sell a put.
Because we are selling.
If you sell a put of 2000, then you go down by 200 points and hedge it.
Take the put.
Then the margin deployment will also be reduced.
Yes, the margin will be reduced.
There is no adjustment in this.
If you have a stop-loss, cut your position and go home.
Plan for the next trade.
Got it.
Unfortunately, you don't get a trade in this many times.
You will not get a trade every day.
You will have to see.
Let's talk about which stocks will be made.
Stock selection criteria.
How to find a stock.
So, I prefer the one whose IVP is running more at the moment.
Okay.
I prefer that.
You get very good premiums in that.
But at the same time, you have to see why that IVP has increased.
God knows, tomorrow is the result and you take a position, your loss is fixed.
So, if there is any event by mistake, any news is coming, you stay away from it.
Unnecessary.
Tomorrow is the result, leave it.
There is no need to take a position in it.
Yes, if it is after 20 days, then you take it.
And exit before 20 days.
Okay.
So, you have to keep in mind that there is volatility.
Its IVP has increased, but why has it increased?
So, if there is any event, I don't take a trade in it.
You have to take liquid stocks.
Mostly, you can take stocks in Nifty 50.
And again, there are 3-4 stocks in it.
When your profit is done, cut them.
Take entry in the new stock.
Okay.
This is stock selection criteria.
And then, let's take a small example.
Then we will understand the light trade once.
I took this BOSH trade 2 days ago.
This is a Monday trade.
So, in this case, if you see, the market fell down from here.
Then it held here and then fell down again.
Now, it is taking retracement again.
Because the first sub was of this, it stopped here for a while.
So, I drew from here, then down to this low.
Now, my 1.6 level is 41,500.
Assume 600.
And your stop-loss is 39,500.
And now it is rotating somewhere here.
So, I sold 41,500.
And now your stop-loss is this.
Profit is still running in this.
So, this is a simple trade.
Stop-loss means future price or spot?
Spot.
So, if the spot goes above this, then I will cut the one you sold above.
Yes, I will cut it.
And this is on daily time frame.
And how much premium did you get on the one you sold?
In this whole trade, around 1 lakh rupees was deployed.
And the overall premium I got at this time was around 5500.
And since it is deployed on Monday, it is only for 13-14 days.
So, many times if you go for a close to expiry, you can sell it for the expiry of the next month.
But according to this, it is a very good premium.
Because you only have to send it for 13-14 days and you will take it home.
So, it is simple.
Okay, tell me one thing.
Sorry, me.
Yes, please.
From here to here, whatever you want.
Okay.
Fib drop.
Fib drop.
Why didn't you do Fib drop from here?
Because the movement started from here.
You can do it.
If you want, you can do it from here.
But in that case, the level you will get will be around 4400.
So, there will be no premium in that.
So, you have to find a swing every time.
One swing is this.
You got one swing.
You draw from here.
You have to take a very aggressive trade.
What do you do?
You got this new swing.
You draw from here too.
Draw from here to here.
Okay.
In that case, your stop-loss will be here.
You will get a lot of premium in that.
But the stop-loss will hit very soon in that case.
You can take it.
I was talking about 0DT.
Now, I will take a trade in this one too.
Here too.
That will be in 0DT.
That will be in 0DT.
Because you will get a pass in 0DT.
Now, you know that my stop-loss will pass so much that it will hit tomorrow.
So, I won't take it.
Got it.
So, you can draw from the swing every time.
Do you get liquidity?
Yes, you get liquidity.
In this, there is good liquidity in BOSH.
So, this is also a criteria that you said.
It should be liquid.
It should be liquid.
So, how do you judge liquidity?
You get it in 50-50.
And the new stocks like Zomato and Swiggy have good liquidity.
In this, IVs are also very good.
So, good money is made here.
Naukri is a very good stock.
Zomato is a very good stock.
It is also made in Swiggy.
Good money is made in Paytm.
There is good liquidity.
Got it.
And volatility.
Their IVs are good.
Right.
Now, let's go a little.
Let's understand it live once.
That we will take any stock and draw Fib in it.
So, let's learn to draw Fib first.
Okay.
So, Vivek Sir, now we have come to Sensible.
Okay.
Here in Strategy Builder.
You can use any strategy builder.
We take any stock.
We look for what trade we will get or not.
So, let's see Naukri.
Let's go to Naukri.
Let's open the chart of Naukri.
I think I have already drawn it.
So, now let's see.
In this, if you see, let's hold Swings.
We got this swing.
We got the second one.
We are getting this swing.
Now, some people will say, no, no.
I see this bullish.
So, you draw bullish also.
No issue.
You will see this swing.
In the bottom side.
You will also see this.
Okay.
Now, we will draw.
We will draw from both sides.
Okay.
First of all, we see.
Some person says, no, I want this big trade.
So, he will draw from here to here.
Because when the market fell from here, it came up to here.
Okay.
So, in that case, if I want to take this trade.
So, what will I have to do?
I will have to sell.
I will have to sell a call of around 1500 with a stop loss of 1400.
Now, the market is running at around 1300.
So, I will not get much premium.
Plus, I am not able to see any logic of this.
So, there is no use of drawing here.
Then we will draw from here.
At this level.
Here it is.
Okay.
And see, how good it is.
When there will be a break from here, see where it will stop.
So, many people play support resistance.
They know that they have to go from here to here.
And Fib is also telling the same.
If the market breaks from here, then there will be a panic.
And the next stop will be here.
Very good.
So, this is the beauty of Fib.
So, if you look at this one.
So, what is happening here is, bring it from top to bottom.
And its level is here.
Our stop loss will be 0.1375.
And we will sell it at 1435.
So, you can sell it at 1450.
Let's see if anything is being made or not in this trade.
Let's go to the job.
Let's try to sell it at 1440.
Okay.
Some 1500 rupees are being made.
So, I am at a capital of 6000.
No sense is being made.
You are giving brokerage.
So, I don't see any logic in this.
Okay.
Either you sell it next month.
But there will be no liquidity for next month.
This is the biggest issue with this.
Now, if we go to next month.
If there is some liquidity in next month.
Then we can see a very good strategy.
6000 rupees are being made.
Okay.
And now, our stop loss.
Let's consider it as stop loss.
Stop loss.
Sorry.
If it is being made before 6000, then it is being made at closing.
It is being made at closing.
So, we will have to wait.
We will have to wait.
You will have to give time.
Only then you will get the time.
But if you assume by mistake, your stop loss will be breached.
Tomorrow someone will break 1375.
Let's see how much loss there will be.
If it breaks today itself.
1375.
Then nothing will happen.
It will happen today.
But if this thing happens to you after 10 days.
Then nothing will happen to you.
Assume that on 30th, this thing breaks the level of 1375.
See, nothing will happen to you.
Your position will be cut at zero.
Okay.
So, you can take this trade next month.
Maybe I will take it now.
I don't know.
But I can see a good opportunity.
There should be liquidity.
There should be liquidity.
There is some liquidity issue.
You get very good liquidity in this month.
Now, if you don't want this.
Okay.
And someone is saying that I feel that the market will go up.
So, let's draw from the top.
There is no issue.
It will tell itself that the trade is not worth taking.
Someone is saying that I will take a bullish trade from here.
Take this.
I drew this from here.
Okay.
In the upper side.
Now, in that case.
Oh.
Okay.
You can see.
Sell the put.
Sell the put.
What is the problem?
You will sell the put of 1244.
That is, sell the put of 1250.
Right.
With a stop loss of this.
Okay.
So, you can do this.
There is no issue.
But even in this, there can be some issue with the premium.
That is why it will not give you a trade everywhere.
As I told you, it is inherently in this.
You will not get a trade.
Why will you sell in this month?
If you want, you can.
You want to make a mistake.
You will say that I will sell from here to here.
You will not get a trade.
Okay.
There is someone else who is saying that I am very…
I can see that it will bounce back from here.
You can draw from this swing as well.
Okay.
Take this.
If someone wants to take this close.
So, in that case, a trade is made.
People have brought the market from here to here.
In this, actually…
Then you sell this for 1300 with a stop loss of 1323.
It will get very close.
It gets hit very quickly in this case.
So, you can draw from anywhere.
And there is no issue in this case as well.
You will exit immediately.
We will take this.
We will sell it for 1300.
And the stop loss will be of 1322.
If someone takes like this.
But how did you select the job?
Just like that?
Job, because I know that there are some good premiums for this.
You can take anything.
If you…
So, how do you select the right store?
So, I told you about IVPs.
So, let's go to this screener.
It has a very good screener.
It tells IVP.
Let's go to this.
So, now AXIS Bank's very good 94 is running.
In this, premiums are good.
Basically, historical price versus…
Historical IV versus current IV.
Current IV, yes.
See this.
So, it is being traded in high IV.
In high IV.
Because prices will be good in this.
But unfortunately, its result is today.
So, I am not going to take this.
Okay.
Because tomorrow is Infi, there are a lot of IVs.
We will have to avoid this too.
We can see something in Tata Motors.
That the result is not coming yet.
But I don't know why IVs are high.
So, let's see.
Let's understand that there is no trade in this.
Even if you want to make a mistake, you will not make a mistake here.
Because no risk will match you.
So, in this case, the market fell from here.
It has been continuously falling for the past 4-5 days.
Maybe this is the reason why its IVs have increased.
Okay.
So, now in this case, you will go to take a trade.
You will say, okay, I will do one thing.
I will sell this.
I will sell something for 780 with a stop loss.
Okay.
Because the market has gone so deep.
Now, the risk reward will not be in your favor.
But what would have happened if this market was happening somewhere here?
Then you would have got a trade.
This is the beauty of this.
When there is a deep correction, there is a lot of hope that it will bounce from here.
So, what I will do is, I will wait a little in this.
If this market comes here, then there will be a very good trade on the put side.
Okay.
And you will get premiums.
Okay.
Because now it seems that it will bounce from here.
So, if you wait for 2-3 days and the market is found somewhere here, then I will draw a 5th from the bottom and you will get a trade.
So, what is going on now?
God's put option?
Call option?
I am not getting it.
If we sell for 790, let's see.
790.
Because the wall is so big.
No, actually, we have less time in this week.
If this was in the starting of the month, then you would have got it.
Okay.
Let's see it once.
So, we are saying that 790.
Call.
Oh! Not at all.
Not at all.
Okay.
It has gone too far.
See, when the deep is corrected, then you will not get a trade.
You will not get it.
What would have been happening here, if you understand, it would have been happening here.
Now, when you have taken 2 days and you have taken a trade,
because you have taken a little retrace, then you will get a very good trade.
At that time, the strike will also be liquid.
Understand BOSH.
If any stock is corrected too much, then the system itself is not giving you a trade.
It will not give you.
You will not get it.
If you want to sell, you will not be able to sell.
Let's see BOSH.
Can this be done in Bank Nifty?
Yes, it can be done in Bank Nifty.
I have done it in stock, but I have not tried it practically, but I can definitely do it.
We will discuss what you do in it later.
So, let's see BOSH.
Where will you get your money tomorrow?
Yesterday, it was Nifty's expiry.
Yesterday, it was Nifty's expiry.
We will discuss that too.
Yes, we will do that.
So, let's see the chart of BOSH.
Its structure was looking good to me.
So, just make your list.
Keep checking daily.
And the good thing about this is that after 2-3 months, you will get 5-10 stocks.
Just keep repeating them.
Don't repeat them.
Keep 5-10 stocks and you will get a trade every month.
It's like a friendship.
If you have a friendship with 5-10 stocks, you will get the money.
Now see what happened from here, the market fell from here and it is trying to retrace here, so you got a very good trade here.
You sold 41,500 with a stop-loss AVA. You don't have to take any headache anywhere and you will get liquidity in the next month also in the BOSH.
So you can take it in this case.
So I have told you to draw a FIB, it is very easy, you hold the swing, you can draw from wherever you feel like, you just have to match the swing with the swing.
Okay, suppose a stop-loss has been hit, when the swing is changing, then will you immediately do the opposite position?
No, because you will not get the trade. Now let's say, we will see, in this case.
Like this one, a slight curve here.
Now we took it from here, this was my trade, the market came from here to here, for example.
So this is my stop-loss. Now you are saying, let's hit this stop-loss.
This is my stop-loss, so what will happen? The market has gone up from here.
Correct.
Then we will draw something like this. In that case, when you go to sell this, the premium is over.
Okay.
So it will not give you a new trade.
So this is the beauty.
There is a Japanese principle called Poka Yoke, people used to read it.
So the principle of Poka Yoke says, make such a foolproof of the system, that it will not let you make a mistake, even if you want to.
If there is a nozzle in your car, you want to put something else in that nozzle, apart from the petrol pump nozzle, it will not go inside.
So you create a system like this, no matter how you are, you will not make a mistake.
So this system follows that principle, where even if you want to make a mistake, you will not be able to do it.
Either you will not get a risk reward, you will not get a trade, but when you get it, all your 5% and all those rules will be followed.
Right.
We talked about this. After that, we discussed the trade of Bosch, it is still going on.
Then, apart from that, risk management and psychology.
This is the most important. Spend time on this.
Yes, we do it in this.
This is the only grade.
Because there was no strategy, you just saw, draw, quietly, but you have to follow that thing continuously.
If you think that I will do it in 2 days, then it will not work.
Position sizing, 10% per trade, I told you, 20-25% capital exposure, okay?
And if 4-5% deployed capital is happening, Rs. 2 lakhs, keep the target of Rs. 10,000.
Many times what happens, I don't wait till zero.
So if there is a profit of Rs. 6,000 or Rs. 10,000 in it, now it has become Rs. 9,000, book it.
Suppose there are 20 days left of expiry, then book it and leave.
So it is not necessary to sit till the last day.
Target 5% is very good on small capital, but as you grow, you will have to reduce it.
I think 2-3% is a very good target.
My zero DT account is that much.
If 2-3% of your monthly is being made, there is no better return than this.
But if your expectation is 2-3%, fortunately God will give you more than that.
But if you are expecting 5-6%, it will never be achieved.
So lower your expectations, you will get more.
It will not happen that if you expect more, you will get less in that case.
This is the philosophy of life.
Whoever does not want it, God gives it to them.
And whoever wants it, may not get it.
I told you about trading discipline.
Whenever there is a result, avoid that stock.
First find out why the IVs have increased.
The sensible tracker itself tells you when the result date is.
And sometimes if you have news, then you should also leverage it.
For example, there are a lot of issues in BSE.
The weekly expiry in BSE is going up with this.
But here the trade is made.
Because the IVs have increased, you can make money here.
Because you are selling very far anyway.
So BSE is my favorite stock.
Money is made in BSE.
Because the IVs are so high and this news does not have a big impact.
The result may move by 10-12%.
And if 5% is also moving, you are safe.
There will not be much loss in your trade.
No revenge trade.
And the best thing about this is that there are no adjustments.
So you can't do much.
If you exit, take your new trade.
Where there is adjustment, there is revenge.
Everything comes there.
Then you go into recovery mode.
Exactly when wrong.
Ravi, I want to talk to you about this.
What happens is that this trader-discipline thing is very good at speaking.
If we all come in the mode of giving knowledge, then this will be top knowledge.
But realistically, I would also tell you that I make mistakes.
I still do.
I have been in the market for 20 years.
And I have shown it many times in the video that I have done a blunder in this stock.
My system was telling me to leave.
But somewhere inside me, there was a stubbornness for that stock.
Because of which I suffered a loss.
So I think something like this happened to you yesterday.
This is the same strategy used in 0DT.
We will discuss why there was a loss.
Because you did not follow the rule.
You did not cut.
When the level of 0.786 was breached, you should have cut.
The rule is telling you why you did not cut.
It is a game of psychology.
We understand it.
Correct.
Apart from this, the next slide is how to use this same strategy in 0DT.
We understand that and then we will talk about the trade that happened yesterday.
Okay.
It is simple.
How will we deploy this strategy?
I come on 9.20.
I put a 15-minute chart on 9.20.
Okay.
And I see where the last swing is made.
Then I draw.
And according to that, I punch the first trade.
We are talking about 0DT.
Okay.
I do this in 0DT and Sensex.
Okay.
If you have seen that the last swing is made at Rs.
25,000, then you will sell the Rs.
24,900 below Rs.
And after that, your trade will move.
As the day progresses, the swings keep developing.
The market went up, then stopped below.
Then when it went up, you got a new swing.
Now you will draw on this swing.
And then you will take the position forward.
Because the premium would have decayed.
So by doing this, I started from the first 15 minutes.
Then I also come in the 5-minute time frame.
Then we draw there.
Okay.
One thing I do in 0DT is that I take a hedge every time.
So if I have any 0DT, you also get a benefit.
So in any Nifty, my rule is that I take a hedge of 200 points away.
And in Sensex, I hedge about 500 points.
I hedge from 400 to 500 points.
So if you sell a call, I will hedge it from 500 points away.
Okay.
So you also got a margin benefit.
If there is a wild move, you also get saved from it.
Okay.
My stop-loss is simple in this.
When your level breached.
And in Intraday, my rule is that, earlier I used to have a lot of issues.
That you used to get hit many times.
3% hit.
And after that, you also got a big hit.
So how to stop that?
So I have made my risk management like this.
That 2% hits in my account at any time.
After that, I have to cut my trade.
This is my rule.
As soon as 2% hits, you need to pause for 5 minutes.
And then you need to introspect.
What happened? What went wrong?
You have to stop.
So whenever it hits, then I will take a pause.
If by mistake, it becomes 3%.
In 3%, you have to cut the position and take a 15-minute break.
Okay.
And if it hits 5%, there is no question.
You turn off the laptop and go out for a walk.
This is my clear cut.
Since I have followed this, I don't have very big losses.
There will be losses.
Loss is a part of trading.
But there are not very big losses.
Sometimes what happens is that you have a 2% loss.
And you enter into that revenge mode.
And you made a 10% loss from it.
And then it will take you a year to acquire that 10% loss.
So if I ask you in the whole year that 5% days, like yesterday, how many will be there? 1 or 2 in a year.
It should not be more than this.
Yesterday was that day.
1 or 2 in a year.
I think it should not be more than this.
2% is seen.
How much will be 2%? 2% you assume, it takes once in a month or twice in a month.
And how many times does 2% come?
So if you are trading properly, you are making 1% weekly.
Because you have two expiries.
Sometimes 1% is also made in one expiry.
If you hold the direction, 2% is also being made.
1% of your total capital?
Yes. So let me tell you my journey.
When I started the story in April month,
I was shocked.
Because I closed about 9% that month.
I was shocked.
Because I did not hold the direction.
New financial also came.
So I was doing a little.
So I got a very good return.
In May, I made almost 12% return.
I was again shocked.
And after May, in June also I made 10% till 22 June.
I was traveling back then.
So I used to wake up in the morning.
I was on a Europe trip.
I used to take trade in the morning.
And it was 5.30 there when the market used to open here.
I used to make money till 10 am.
I used to exit and travel.
On every continuous expiry, till 22 June, I had a return of 10-12%.
The goal of the year, you have already completed.
But after that, as soon as I came to India,
I got the first hit.
At that time, it was a hit of 4%.
So your returns are made.
Before that, did you feel that you are not God?
A lot.
I was shocked.
And at that time, I was not even trading.
I picked up the laptop at 5.30 in the morning.
Everyone was sleeping.
I was picking up the trade.
And till I woke up at 10 am,
I had 2% there.
So if you go to my Twitter, you will see that someone has made 9 lakhs, 10 lakhs, 12 lakhs.
Whereas when I used to do non-directional, my average return was 4-5 lakhs.
It was a big profit.
But now you are making.
9 lakhs are being made.
10 lakhs are being made.
So this is there.
If you have caught the direction, and at that time, you used to get some direction moves.
In April, May and June,
I have got a very good return.
July was also okay.
September is my break even.
Because in September, at last, I felt a shock.
And now that October is going on, it has become a little negative because of yesterday.
But I feel that if it is right, then you will recover it in a month.
But the whole year is positive.
Yes, the whole year is positive.
Yes, I share all my life trades in Sensible.
So, if someone wants to see my position, so today you will not see any position, but if you go to my Sensible, on Tuesday and Thursday, you will see all my trades, that what trades are going on now.
Superb! So, their Twitter handle is in front,
I am underscore trader.
You took I am underscore I am.
You should use something sir, if you get this tag.
Okay.
So, you go there, and I will give the link below the video.
See, you do whatever you want to do.
Don't blame me later,
I am telling you.
This is my job, to give you knowledge only from them.
Rest, you know, he knows, and your God knows.
Okay?
So, we saw in 0DT, how to take trades, come on 9-20, first 15 minutes, then 5-5 minutes, we keep doing.
Now, let's understand what happened yesterday.
Yes.
First of all, we open, yesterday Nifty's expiry was there, let's open Nifty's chart.
By the way, while he is opening, tell in the comment, how are you liking it, if you are liking the conversation, mention in the comment, yes, I am liking it, and if there are any questions, ask them now, don't wait, keep asking questions, so that later,
we will catch them, and try to find answers to your questions.
Okay? Continue.
Here it is.
So, from here, we understand what happened.
First of all, the market opens from here.
The first candle is turning green.
Okay.
I can see a swing above.
It was visible here.
If you draw from here, for 15 minutes, you will not get any trade, because there is a very long gap here.
But you said, you don't look at the chart.
I have to look at the chart,
I have to draw levels.
You have to draw levels.
Yes, I have to draw levels.
There is no indicator or anything, just levels.
No, no, there are levels, so you will get a swing.
And why do you look at the candles, why don't you look at the line?
You need a high level.
I need a candle, and I can catch the price action from the candle, so I don't even understand the line.
Got it.
Got it.
I have been doing this since day 1.
Got it.
So, what happened in the morning,
I made a trade from here.
I caught this swing, and from here,
I caught this.
Something like this happened.
So, it was a bottom put side trade.
If I draw from here, something like this was happening.
I don't remember properly.
So, I sold something around 22,100, 150.
Okay.
I sold first.
And after that, the market took this first reversal.
Okay.
There is no issue.
See this, my level was 0.7, stop loss.
I should have cut here.
This is absolutely right.
You have to cut this.
Now, what happened is, the direction, it's been a month now, you are not getting a clear cut direction.
I got a very good direction on one expiry.
That day, there was a profit of around 9-10 lakhs.
Rest, your 2 lakhs are being made, 3 lakhs are being made.
That day, the day you are getting direction, you are getting money.
Every time, what is happening is, your stop loss, it will come up to support, at the level of 1, it will hit the stop loss here and there, and it is going away.
It is continuous.
So, tomorrow, today, let's break the rule a little, or whatever it is.
Psychologically, I don't know what happened to me.
So, here, when I should have cut,
I was stopping.
I said, it's okay, this is a support zone, it will bounce from here.
Unfortunately, it didn't bounce.
And, after coming here, see, how deep correct it is.
So, my position was here, and when the market falls on the put side, the put premium runs like a rocket.
So, I had got a good hit of 2-3% here, in the morning.
After that,
I drew from here.
Let's see, what happened.
Now, because your stop loss is set, here, you take re-entry, because it is intraday.
Here, if something was here, the market,
I sold here, then I started selling from above.
Okay, sold 300, sold 350, kept selling all this, kept going.
But, because your loss was more, then I started looking for swings.
Okay.
Like, you got this swing.
So, if you want to take a trade here, suppose, you want to take a trade at 12 o'clock, and the market is running here at this time.
So, what I will do is,
I can draw from here to here.
Now, I want to take a trade on the call side,
I will sell 235, sell 250, and your stop loss will be here.
So, see, your stop loss is here.
You don't have any issue.
And, it is still 12 o'clock in the market.
And, the potential is that you can close almost 1% today.
Because, the market, and everyone is doing well.
So, I took this trade, kept going, see what happened here.
After this, it cut here.
So, when you got hit again, that 0 again, it reached 3% again.
Now, there is a little revenge mode in the market.
And, see what happened after that.
See this, this.
Then, you didn't get anything.
Then, I don't do non-directional, so I don't have an option.
So, this is the issue with direction.
Now, the non-directional players here, they save it.
Then, they start selling put.
Then, I avoided that unnecessary thing.
Otherwise, it wasn't like this before also.
In 3-4%, you close profitably.
So, when this happened, after 2.30, there was a big move.
Now, this.
No, sorry, this was the move.
I think around 2.20, this candle broke the resistance of this support.
Then, I thought that this is not right.
Otherwise, I would have traded even after 2.30.
And, it is possible that the account would not reach 7-8% drawdown.
So, risk management, my hard stop-loss, after that,
I cut the position.
The issue was that you should have moved from here.
Here, I feel that
I didn't make a good decision.
By the end of this month, I hope that it is positive.
There are a lot of guts, Ravi, to come to the public forum and tell your loss and accept it.
I must appreciate it because you share the profit and you are also talking about the loss.
So, this shows that I don't know any trader who hasn't made a loss.
You have been here for a long time.
But, you must also have losses.
By the way.
But, you need guts.
And, somewhere, we have made that that as soon as there is a loss, you start questioning yourself.
And, fortunately, I have connected with Day 1.
My account has never been empty.
It has always been positive.
A lot of people blow up their accounts.
Fortunately, it has never happened in my case.
And, I was selling options.
a few days ago,
I thought, this is not right.
It cannot go like this.
Last one month has been crazy.
So, I said, it's over.
Now, it's on sell mode.
Now, it hasn't stopped.
It's going on.
So, I tweeted yesterday or day before that my assessment is that I think you need to learn more.
Chandra Sona is teaching you more.
I said, one year ago, it was fast.
There must be a mistake.
The good point is that I am not short.
How can I counter the trade with such speed? I am not short.
How can I counter the trade with such speed? I am not short.
How can I counter the trade with such speed? I am not short.
How can I counter the trade with such speed? I am not short.
How can I counter the trade with such speed? I am not short.
How can I counter the trade with such speed? I am not short.
How can I counter the trade with such speed? I am not short.
How can I counter the trade with such speed? I am not short. If you follow my trade for the next 10-15 days, you will understand. Right. So, the technology has advanced a lot in today's trade.
It's good for us.
The day it was launched, I said thank you a lot.
It's easy for us that verified people are coming forward.
Otherwise, they were abusing us a lot.
All right.
So, I think we have discussed a lot of things today.
We understood the system, we saw the case study, we saw how the strategy is made.
Towards the end, I would like to know about your future.
Now that you are involved in this business, have you thought about what you will be doing in the next 5-20 years?
The trading community is a little shaken.
Is this a career or not?
Of course.
We are leaving our jobs and people are getting unemployed in IT.
People are seeing that trading is being done.
So, give us a direction.
Have you made any vision?
First of all, there is a little uncertainty about the future.
It is everywhere, in every vertical.
First of all, there are a lot of issues in AI and tech.
I am saying that as a trader, we are going to face a lot of risk.
You can't think so much.
AI can detect patterns.
It's not a big deal.
And the best thing about it is that it doesn't have to manage risk.
It doesn't have a psychological issue.
So, as a trader, we have more problems.
Maybe it is more difficult than IT people.
If you look at me personally, I don't have any plan to do full-time trading.
I am very clear.
So, I love to build products.
I love to work in teams.
And this is the reason.
And I personally feel that why am I successful?
Because I haven't taken it full-time.
Okay.
So, consider it part-time.
You are doing very well.
You do it for a day.
You are making a decent rate.
So, why do you want to go into it daily?
And a few days ago, I posted on Twitter that trading is a lonely profession.
When you make a profit, you feel really good.
You will feel good.
The day you make a loss, you feel frustrated.
If you have a wife and kids at home, you won't even talk to them.
This is it.
If you do real trade, you will be able to match it.
This is a big problem.
So, there is no support system.
So, I don't want to do that.
I don't want to go into a lonely business.
The other business I have, it is giving me good returns.
I think I am enjoying it there.
And I have to run it in parallel.
And there is one more good thing with trading.
If you run that business for 50-60 years, then you will have to give something to someone.
Trading is such that you can do it till you die.
So, I think even if I am 80 years old, I will still be trading.
There is a possibility that I will retire for retirement.
So, I will take it full time.
There is no plan before that.
It is giving me good return.
And psychology does not have much impact.
If your house is running on the money of that trading, you will have a lot of issues.
The market will not give a consistent return.
No matter how good the trader is, he is making money for 2 years.
After that, his stop will be applied.
Then how are you going to manage your fund?
This is a very big question mark.
So, I don't think that that thing is made for me.
There are people who are doing it full time.
But it works for me.
So, many of your viewers who are doing jobs.
I think I don't think you should leave the job.
Even I get a lot of questions that I have to take full time.
Why do you have to take full time?
If you want to trade, there are a lot of options.
You do commodity, do it in the evening.
Whoever wants to do it, he will do it in the evening.
And you don't have to spend 8 hours in commodity for money.
You just trade for 2 hours, trade for 15 minutes.
I met one option buyer who used to trade just for 1 hour.
He comes in the morning at 9.30.
He closes the drop system by 10.30.
And then he does his job.
He is making good money.
Maybe he is the only option buyer in my circle who is making money.
Maybe he is doing part time.
Because he is doing it for 1 hour.
I also know that my friend is a doctor.
He does this.
He trades 10-11 hours.
After that he goes to the chamber.
So, he is doing full time.
And I have seen that if I have a holiday that day.
And I am sitting on the system.
You will find a trade.
You will do the trade.
So, I don't think you should do this.
If your money is being made part time.
I think you should do the job.
What is your problem?
And you won't be tensed.
Now you don't have a risk that I need a job in a very high company.
Or you are not getting along with my manager.
Even then you will do it.
Because you are not so dependent on that.
Fair point.
So, this is the last slide, sir.
Basically, what is the takeaway from this whole presentation?
So, it is simple.
As I said, simplicity wins.
So, my approach is that it works really well in every field.
It is not like that.
It works in my business.
It works in making systems.
It also works in trading.
So, whatever strategy you are using.
Make sure it should be very simple.
It should be scalable and simple.
Secondly, quality over quantity.
As I am saying, I trade once or twice a week.
So, it is working for me.
If you are doing it daily or for an hour.
You need to figure out.
What is the edge for you?
What is working for you?
So, don't focus that I have to do this and that.
This is very important actually.
Master one strategy.
Do one strategy so many times.
So that you get all the skills in it.
So, as I said, I know Fib.
I don't even know the details of Fib.
What is the exact 1.612 level?
I don't know.
But I understood that this is working for me.
I am just replicating that same strategy everywhere.
When it will stop working.
Then you will figure out what is not working for you.
But master one strategy.
Don't understand 10 strategies.
Risk management.
Everyone talks about it.
You need to make sure how much.
Before taking the trade.
Okay, I just posted a few days ago.
I got a very good response on it.
So, what used to happen before?
When I used to see the payoff graph in Sensible.
So, in the payoff graph, I used to see the green screen all the time.
Which is the green area.
Of course.
Yes.
Okay, I took a trade in this.
2 lakh rupees will be made in this.
Okay.
But now what did I do?
I see the loss.
If I move the market here.
Then how much loss will I have?
If you just do this much thing.
My whole game has changed.
Because I took a trade.
We just saw by moving.
How much loss can there be?
I saw that there will be a loss of 400 rupees.
There is no issue.
So, when you are taking a trade.
Don't look at the green in the payoff graph.
Look at the red area.
If I move the market here.
How big a shock can I get?
Half of your risk management will be sorted there.
This is called market maturity.
So, this is I think.
And the last important point is survival.
You give time to the market.
Give it slowly.
You will go to make money in a day.
It will not be made.
So, I think this is the crux of the presentation.
And there is no loss.
The market is such a beautiful.
Market is almost like a God.
If you are not doing anything wrong.
If you are not making a loss.
Then the market gives you money on its own.
This is my 20 years of experience.
Keep going.
Keep going.
You left at 5%.
You also have a pension.
You will make it.
Some people have a little less risk.
Some people will say that 5% is too much.
For an option buyer, it is more than 20%.
So, it depends on what strategy you say.
If a strategy is giving you 5-6% per month.
I think it is a fair stop loss.
So, 5% is absolutely right for me according to my books.
I don't want to go above this.
But if there is any other strategy that is not giving you 0.5% or 1%.
In that case, it will take you 10 months to get a 10% drawdown.
So, it depends.
Right.
Ravi, it was fun.
Very good.
I think with what the heart says.
I don't know, I get a different tuning.
Because I have been there, done that.
I have been in their situation.
So, it is very important to have a heart-to-heart connection.
And thank you so much.
So, you have stayed till the end.
Very good.
You don't get anything without staying till the end.
If there is entertainment, then those shots, 30 seconds, 60 seconds.
Here you have to stay till the end.
So, well done.
And try this strategy.
Don't be in a hurry to deploy a lot of capital.
Try with a small capital.
Try to mock.
See if it is working for you.
I mean, if it works for them, it may not work for you.
Their background is different.
First of all, the IM qualification is so solid on its own that it increases the risk appetite.
It comes somewhere.
If there is nothing, then the job will be different.
So, see their background is different.
Business is already set.
So, don't just be copy cat.
That whatever they are doing, I just do it blindly.
Start it.
I am sure you will do better than him eventually.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you very much, sir.
Thank you for inviting me.
I hope I got to learn something from your audience today.
100%.
Thank you.
100%.
Thank you.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
Jai Hind.
Bye.
Investment in securities market are subject to market risks.
Read all the related documents carefully before investing.