Look, I don't know about you, but I
don't want to sit behind my computer
screen all day bouncing back and forth
between charts, strategies, indicators,
and Reddit forums just so I can scalp
every little tiny micro tick out of the
market like I'm a squirrel jacked on Red
Bull. I mean, that's just exhausting and
it isn't even profitable. And correct me
if I'm wrong, there's very few things in
life that are worse than ending every
trading session mentally drained and
broke. Am I right? Especially when I can
take gains day in and day out that look
like this and even like this trading one
simple lazy strategy method that's
called the arc. This is a
straightforward, repeatable,
newbie-friendly strategy that's good for
any trader that's trying to learn how to
make winning trades. And any of the
traders out there who've been trading
and you've just had enough, had enough
of putting forth an A+ effort and
getting F- results. Now, my name is Doug
and I've been a professional trader now
for 26 years. And today, I'm going to
show you how to trade this arc method.
And when I say show you, that's exactly
what I'm going to do. No hindsight,
cherry-picked trading example charts, or
hypothetical situations. I am going to
trade this arc method live in a real
market using real money with real
consequences because that's the way it
has to be. That way you can make the
decision for yourself by the time this
video is over. Is the arc method a hero
or is the arc method a zero? It's time
for you and I to find out. Let's get
started.
All right. So, what exactly is this arc
method? Well, arc stands for area range
candle. And if you can follow that
three-step process in that specific
order, I don't care what it is you're
trading. It could be stocks, futures,
foreign currencies, cryptocurrencies,
commodities, even baseball cards, this
works. So, all you got to do through
today's video is just follow the arc.
That's it. So, let's dissect each one of
these steps starting with step number
one, which is the A part that stands for
area. You see there are only four main
areas that you and I need to trade from
each day. The rest of them are
irrelevant. These four areas is where
the highest institutional flow is and
the very best trading opportunities come
from. And those four areas are the box
high, the box low, the swing high, and
the swing low. Now, let me show you how
you can quickly set these up on your
charts. So, go ahead and take whatever
chart you're trading, it doesn't matter
what it is. Just for reference, I'm
going to start today's video out with
the stock Nvidia. This is an intraday
5-minute chart, but none of this means
anything right now. What does is that we
set these levels properly and we're
going to start with the box high and the
box low. This is a term that's referred
to the previous day's high and low
price. So, if you look at my chart, you
take your eyes, you scoot them right on
over here to the left, you're going to
see this black shaded area. This black
shaded area represents the previous
day's price activity for the stock
Nvidia. And all I'm going to do here is
grab some sort of drawing tool. I like
the boxes, and I'm going to box in the
highest price point I see, wick
included, which is right here, right?
And I'm going to connect that with the
lowest price point I see. So, I'm just
going to move it on down until I see the
lowest price point. You'll see it's it's
actually a couple of them here, like a
little triple bottom. And then we're
just going to drag that out into the
next day. So, that is the box high, the
box low, and that's how we start the
day. Now, the next is the swing high,
swing low. Let's talk about the swing
high. The swing high is the very next
highest price print above the box high.
So, let me show you how you find that
because you don't see that right now
here in this case on this chart. So,
what we need to do is go back to the
left until we bump into the next highest
price. Very important, The very next
highest price above the box high, no
matter where or what time that price has
been printed. So, if I move this chart
down and we get a broader view, and I
move my eyes back to the left, right?
I'm just going to go ahead and extend
this box and make it a little bit easier
for our eyes, and you'll see, I believe
that's right there, right? That's the
next highest price point above the boxes
high. So, what I'm going to do is I'm
going to lay a line on it for this, and
I'm going to do the same thing for the
bottom. I'm going to take the bottom of
the boxes low. I'm going to keep moving
my eyes over to the left until I bump
into the next lowest price, right? No
matter where it is, and that's right
there. I'm going to go ahead and throw a
line right on top of that one, so it
looks visually nice. And there you go.
That's all you need to do to mark the
box high, the box low, the swing high,
and the swing low. Now, onto the
important stuff. So, once you've drawn
these lines, what do they mean, and how
are you and I going to use these things
to make money? Because that's why you
came to the video, so let me show you.
If the price of the asset we are trading
is at,
above, or near the box high or the swing
high, we are only looking to do one
thing from this location on the chart,
and that is to sell. If the price of the
asset we are trading is at, near, or
below the box low or the swing low, in
between these zones, you and I are only
looking to do one thing from there,
which is buy. Anything else on this
chart, in the middle, remember, don't
diddle in the middle, you and I are not
interested in making a trade. And let me
show you exactly why this is what you
want to do. So, let's go back and take a
look at this Nvidia chart where we've
already done our box high, box low,
swing high, swing low. And what I want
to do here is I just want to squish this
chart down so you can see multiple
multiple days of trading activity in
Nvidia. And I just want to ask you a
question. I want you to tell me what it
is you see with your eyes right now.
What happens to the price of Nvidia
every time it gets to the box high or
the swing high? What is the end result
every time you get up here? Hopefully,
you said selling cuz there's a lot of
but look, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 straight
times it's moved into that level each
and every time it has been sold. Now,
back here, it kind of just poked its
head for just a few minutes, but what
was the end result? It got sold. So,
what this means is the upper two lines
represent the strongest institutional
sell side flow. This is the part of the
chart where the institutions can sell.
So, if you don't learn anything from
this video, I want you to learn this one
thing. You cannot buy there. You just
cannot become a buyer into the big money
sell. Now, let's take a look at the
bottom, and you're going to see a
similar situation. What happens to the
price of Nvidia every time it gets down
towards the box lower or a swing low? It
bounces. Look how many times. 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8 8 times there, it's got down to
the bottom of the box. Now, if you even
take a look here, when it gapped down on
one day, it traded back up to the
previous support level. It's amazing how
these levels work. These are where you
and I to be need to be. So, what this
means is that the bottom of these two
lines, what they represent, is the
strongest institutional buy flow. And
again, if you want to take something
away from this video, you cannot become
a seller that deep. So, let me go ahead
and ask you this question right now,
which I think it's going to be pretty
easy for most of you to answer. Based
off the information that you and I have
discussed up to this point, the short
time this video has been running, where
is Nvidia currently trading at? It's
trading down towards the box low and the
swing low, right? You can see it. Now, I
want you to tell me what has happened
nine times in a row that it's been down
to the swing low or the box low. What's
been the end result?
It's been bought. So, if your hands are
tied behind your back, you're being
forced to make a trade, you got to stick
your chin out to push either the buy or
sell button, I want you to tell me what
do you do here? What do you do? No
indicators, no extra thinking, what is
it that you do?
You buy, right? So, if I just kind of
play a bar forward, what happens? Nvidia
immediately spikes off of that level.
No secret to it. You could have seen it
coming a mile away. It's done it nine
times before, it's going to do it 10
times. So, these levels represent the
strongest buy and sell side collective.
So, what we want to do is buy with the
big buyers, sell with the big sellers,
and stick to that formula right there.
So, that's all there is to step number
one, setting the box high, box low,
swing high, swing low, and I think all
of you can understand the basic concepts
[music] behind that. Now, before we move
on to step number two, I want to share
with you two additional tips and nuances
to getting the most out of using these
levels. Starting with number one, what
do you do in the case of a gap up where
the price of the asset like this has
gapped above the previous day's box?
Well, it's very simple. What we want to
do in this case is we want to grab the
highest price point that we can see. We
want to move to the left, we want to
pick the highest price point, it just so
happens to be the last candle in this
case, and we want to connect it with the
lowest price point we see just like
this, and we want to box in that area.
Now, from there, we want to go to the
swing low and move our eyes over to the
left and do what? Pick the next lowest
price we see, which is going to be right
here around the top of the box, right?
And now, you can't see it here, but you
just If you don't see it on your chart,
you just keep moving back to the left
until we bump into the next highest
price point above the box. It's going to
be right there, right? Very, very
simple. But, here's the nuance and why I
like these gap ups so much, because the
tendency in this situation, most of the
time, is it wants to come back into the
previous day's box. So, if I kind of
move this forward, more often than not,
this is what you're going to see. It's
going to want to come back into the
previous day's box to pick up those
buyers. Now, tip number two is what
happens when the asset has gapped below
the previous day's box. Same process in
reverse. What we want to do is pick the
highest price point we see. So, in that
case, it would be right here, and we
want to connect it with the lowest price
point we see. That creates our new box.
Now, for the swing low, we don't see
that here on the screen, so we're going
to keep on moving back until we find it.
We move all the way over to the left,
you'll see it's right there. That
becomes the new swing low, and then
we'll come over here, and this looks
like we move back above here to the to
the left. That That looks to me like the
next high price point right there,
right? That now constitutes the swing
high. Same nuance here. In a gap down
situation, based off of what you saw
with the previous chart, what do you
think happens here? Or what's the
tendency? It wants to bounce back up
into the previous day's high price and
pick up the sellers over there. So,
those are two additional nuances there
that will hopefully help you take your
trading to another level. So, that's all
there is just number one. We now can
move on to step number two, which is the
R part that stands for range. And this
is probably going to be the best part of
the video for any of the traders out
there that suffer from these two common
trader problems that I certainly
suffered from as well when I started.
Number one, you don't have any idea what
your target should be. Seems like you
have no problem getting into trades, you
don't know when to get out of them. You
don't know if you should take the gain,
if you should take the loss, and most of
the time it's the wrong choice, right?
I've been there. The second is for those
traders out there that keep getting
stopped out over and over and over, only
to feel like, man, if you just would
have held a little bit longer, if you
just would have widened the stop, you
would have made money on the trade, but
you cut it and now it's running without
you. Nothing is more frustrating than
that, and range can fix it. So, here's
what we're going to do. We're going to
go back and grab a measuring tool. I
still got the stock and video up here,
the chart we've already drawn in our box
high, box low, swing high, swing low,
and we're going to measure the box high
and box low, the price movement. So, I'm
going to grab a measuring tool. I'm
going to just drag it through the entire
box, and you'll see it's leaving me with
a number of $3. That's $3 per share
between the upper part of the box and
the bottom part of the box. Now, with
this number, we're going to do two
things. So, I'm going to write it up
here in the upper corner, $3. Number one
is I need to see 20%
of that amount take place in one
unabated move. Now, let me explain that.
First, I'm going to take 20%, that's 60
cents, 20% of $3. What I need to do is
at least see a unabated, uninterrupted
60 cent up move or 60 cent down move
>> [music]
>> in this stock, bare minimum. Now, in a
high abated name, I usually like it to
be upwards around 30 to 40%, but that's
a bare minimum to make a trade. So, what
I mean by that is if I go back and grab
another measuring tool, these first few
candles from tip to tip is $1.60. So,
that's almost 50% of the boxes range in
one sweep move right from the open. This
is exactly what we want to see. So, this
has to take [music] place one unabated
move, doesn't matter if it's up or down.
It needs to be uninterrupted, has to be
at least
20% of that range. Now, step number two
with this $3. We want to take between
50%
to 100%
of that is our target. So, when we
purchase Nvidia or sell Nvidia, we are
looking for $1.50
minimum payout to $3 maximum. So, see we
already have an idea of where we're
going to position ourselves and what
we're going to get out of the trade to
take it. It has to be this way because
this is where the value's at.
So, for a lot of you watching, you might
be thinking, how can you trust something
like range, just a series of numbers?
How do you know it's going to move from
one spot to the next? I want to go back
and show you the chart again, this broad
view that we looked at not too long ago.
We talked about how the price reacted
towards the top, how the price reacted
towards the bottom. Now, maybe a lot of
you didn't catch this, but take a look
what happens over here. When the price
gets rejected on Nvidia from this upper
level,
where does it go?
It moves down close to the base again,
right? Then, when it bounces, where does
Nvidia go? It goes back up to the top of
that range. Then, what happens? It gets
rejected. It gets rejected and it goes
where?
Back down to the bottom. And it's
repeating this process over. Top,
bottom, top, bottom, top, bottom, top,
bottom. Rinse, repeat. Day after day,
over and over, one chart, one setup,
just keep playing it through. So again,
if I come back here and I open up this
chart and we take a look at it,
where do you think it's going to go? If
I grab the measuring tool and I measure
the range, where where do you think it's
going? It's probably going to go back up
to the upper range, right? So look where
it goes. Again, this is not a secret.
This is just how instruments tend to
work. And for a lot of new traders, when
they learn a strategy, they don't learn
this part. They don't realize that
assets spend most of their time trading
back and forth in between those ranges.
Now, right before we move on to the
third and final step, which is the
candle, I want to give you two
additional nuance tips to help you
really understand the true power of
range, that way you can trust it.
Starting with number one, if the box
high and the box low is extremely wide
in range, like it is here and like it
was in Nvidia, and the swing high is
just slightly above the boxes high and
the swing low is just slightly below the
boxes low, in cases like this, what will
happen is the asset you are trading will
pinball and move back and forth between
those ranges. Now, note when it gets up
here, what happens is it stalls out.
Now, also in this case, what will happen
is it most likely will not progress too
much further above the swing high for
that day or the swing low for that day.
So it really gives you a good
understanding on where the asset will
trade and these offer great
opportunities because this distance
between the top and bottom of the box is
excessive, and of course, you can make a
lot more money with that. Now, the next
tip is for those traders that really
love those breakouts. If the box high
and low are compressed and the swing
high is way above the box high and the
swing low is way below the boxes low,
what will happen in most cases here or
the nuances is the asset will make a
direct move out of the open to either
the swing high or the swing low. So in
this case what you saw is it immediately
takes off and runs straight up into that
swing high. These make excellent
breakout trades. So hopefully this helps
you understand the true power of range.
Now let's get on to step number three
which is talking about the candle. And
I've been using the same candlestick
formations to trade for the last 20
years, but it's very important that we
use these candles because we must see
these candles, but we also must see
these at the right time. Starting with
my favorite candle which is the hammer
and inverted hammer candles as since
dubbed the John Wicks because I love
these candles so much. Now the
significance of these is when they reach
a specific area, we should see an
immense uptick in buying pressure or
selling pressure depending on where it
is. So if we take a look at this Nvidia,
you'll notice that when it gets down
into this area, we see our first sign of
the buyer being tested. Remember we're
at the bottom of the range, right down
towards the box low and the swing low.
We see that buyer step in. So just take
a look at that candle. What this is
signifying, the buyer has been tested,
the buyer has now stepped back in
showing their legitimacy and their
intent. This is a very strong signal.
Now the next thing is we need one
candlestick to go over top of another.
So we would need a candle to go above
this one or the next one or whichever
one it may be. It's very important to
get this signal because this buyer may
fatigue out and the next candle could be
red and it goes back down to the next
low and then the next low. So it's very
important to get this candle. And let me
show you what I'm looking for. So, the
very next candle you'll see here pops
right through the top here. This would
be my entry, right there. My stop loss
would go underneath
of this big buyer. So, earlier when I
was talking to you about how important
range was and not getting stopped out,
the candle is as well. These levels are
as well. That's why we started talking
about these levels, and I want every
trader to understand this, especially
those that are getting stopped out all
the time. The reason you're getting
stopped out is your stop's not in the
right place, obviously. Understand what
we're doing here. Number one, we are at
a premium level where we already know a
big buyer exists. Am I right? We looked
at the chart. It's the ninth time. We
know there's an algorithm big-time whale
buyer. Now, we don't know if they're
going to show up again, but the candle's
telling us that they are. Do you see
that wick, right, pulling off the
bottom? Yeah?
And that's giving us the confidence that
we need, so we know our stop is
protected. Now, let's go back and talk
about that range as well.
Where do you think this is going to go,
right? I mean, we looked back at this
chart. I'll go back here again and and
and I'll pull it up. It moves from tip
to tip to tip. We've already discussed
that. So, the target becomes the top.
That's the $3, and you'll see we've
already played this before. This is
exactly where Nvidia goes. And of
course, if you miss this, you would then
short it back up here and just continue
to repeat that process over and over
again. But, it's very important that we
understand those candles. All right. So,
before we move on to the most
anticipated part of this video, which is
the live trading session, I want to give
you two additional candlestick tips to
help you get the most out of those as
well. Starting with tip number one,
you'd like to see in most cases what I
showed you here in this demonstration
and that's what you will see. It one
candle will take out the other. It will
run right up into the top of the range
or it'll drop down to the bottom of the
range. That's what you're going to get
about 70% of the time. But, there are
many, many times that's not the way it
works. There will be a spread between
those meaning the next candle might be
choppy, the third, fourth. Now,
especially the traders that are using
small time frames like 1 minutes and 5
minutes. There might be a bunch of
candles printed in between before or it
takes off or really dumps. Again, the
smaller the time frame, the more you
will see that. Here's what I want you to
know. As long as the level holds, the
trade's still valid. That's why we
started the video out talking about the
areas. They're the most important thing.
As long as they hold, the trade's valid,
you hold as well. Now, sometimes they'll
spike up and then come back and double
bottom, triple bottom. Sometimes it'll
take an hour before they start running.
It doesn't matter. Just as long as the
levels hold, everything's going to be
good. The next, if the candle spikes
halfway up to the range and then
aggressively drops, you need to get rid
of the trade. It will not make it back
up to the high. So, many of these will
tap out at the midway point and
hopefully we see something like that
during the live session. That way I can
show you more than just what I have here
listed on screen. So, those are two
important things to understand about
those candles and remember, keep in
mind, you want to make sure one takes
out the other. So, let's go ahead and
get involved in the live trading and see
where we end up with that. Okay, so
we've got our first trade here of the
day. It is AMDL which happens to be an
ETF for the stock AMD. We've got 1,000
shares 66 32. I want to give you a quick
second to look at it because this thing
just kind of shot up like a rocket
before I could even get this
cued up and we'll go through this on the
TradingView software because it's a
little bit easier for me to explain it
and for everyone to see it. So, here's
AMD before this move and I just want to
show this to you because it's important.
Remember earlier in the video where I
said you have to draw alternative boxes
and make alternative lines. So, if I go
to the previous day's high, previous
day's low for this AMD, you'll see that
the stock gapped down for the day. So,
in that case, what we need to do is
create a new box and that's going to be
the pre-market high and pre-market low,
which is right here. So, I'm just going
to move that box over into this
direction. Now, once we've done that, we
want to mark our swing high and swing
low, which is the next high and low
price points above this box. Now, the
high price is going to be right there.
It's going to be swing high and this is
a pretty good level. I mean, you could
get a quadruple top right up there at
the 7765s.
But, the bottom here is pretty far away.
So, if you kind of move this box back,
you'll see that the next bottom is all
the way over here. Remember what I said
earlier in the video is that if the box
is contained, then the swing high and
swing low are separated, it wants to
attack either the high price point or
low price point. And this one attacked
the low price point. So, just take a
good look at this chart right here.
And you'll see that that's exactly what
it did. It got just down there, just a
few pennies underneath. We started to
print the John Wick.
And then I'm going to move this forward
cuz I think it's already printed. Yeah,
there it is. You'll see the entry was
just right there on that crest. Now,
notice how strong
these are when they finally break that
range. So, what we're going to try to do
here on this one is follow that
principle. So, if you come back, you
measure the range in here,
you're going to see
it's about $5.36.
So, that's what you and I are going to
look for here on this trade. We're going
to look for 536,
which should take us back up towards the
high price point, the opening price
point, and at least half of it right
here in the center range as maybe a
partial. So, this is exactly how that
should go from tip to tip, from range to
range, and I'll update everybody, and
we'll see where it is. All right, guys,
a quick update. It's been a while, but
look at that. That's exactly the way you
want them to work and what you want to
see. As soon as it breaks that range on
the bottom, look where it goes, almost
right back up to the top. Now, because
this move is so fast, I took 250 there.
Because the move is good, we already
passed the halfway point. I wanted to be
responsible here, but a very nice trade
so far. We'll come back and update it
just a little bit later. Okay, third
update here with this AMCL. Take a look
at this. Note that it got all the way
back up to the opening range, and we got
smashed with a candle. And on that, I
took a little extra there. I'm going to
try to be patient and leave this for the
rest of the day cuz I believe we got a
lot more room to get back up to that
upper part of the box, but I just want
you to look at how the trade was using
the formula. There's no indicators on
this chart or anything like that. It's
just a simple range to range type of
process. All right, so to save time, I
came back here at the end of the day.
The market's now closed. I wanted to
give you the final update here on AMCL,
and I'll post the P&L there on the
screen. Beautiful trade. Would have
loved to have done a lot more today, but
this week is my son's preschool
graduation, and man, let me tell you,
wow.
This week is nuts. But anyway, I just
wanted you to get a good look at this.
It actually made it back up here to the
box high. So, it got up to the open
range high and made it back up there to
the box high. And I just want to show
you these levels cuz just take a look at
it. As soon as it got to the box high,
so for example, if I just kind of grab
that box and pull it out,
you're going to see it just could not
progress very much over it. So,
remember, these assets just trade from
pretty much one level to the next. I'd
love to stretch this out, draw this out,
or make it fancier than it needs to,
but it's just that simple. It's just
that simple. So, guys, I hope you
learned something. This was a fantastic
trade. Would have loved to have done a
couple more today. Maybe next time. As
always, I want to thank you for watching
this video. I hope you learned
something. On that note, take care,
trade well.
Cheers.