Have you ever sat down with a strategy,
followed it step-by-step, and still
walked away confused not knowing what
you were doing? Or have you watched a
YouTube video promising that you're
going to have a trading strategy that
you can walk away with and you were more
confused afterwards than when you
[music] started? If you've been jumping
from strategy to strategy trying to find
one that resonates with you, one that
makes sense, one that you can
understand, that you can repeat again
and again, you are in the right place.
Now, there is a reason that none of it
has stuck yet. Most strategies out there
are way more complicated than they need
to be. The more complicated that the
strategy is, the harder it is to learn,
the harder it is to actually repeat and
get started, [music] and longer it's
going to take you to actually find
confidence and implement. The strategy
that I'm going to walk you through today
is built on one simple tool, trend
lines. Trend lines are one of the oldest
and most essential tools in technical
analysis, and they are the foundation
that my entire strategy is built on. My
name is Tori Trades and I've been
trading for [music] over a decade now. I
have turned a $5,000 account into over
half a million dollars in trading. I've
been using the same exact system for all
11 years, [music] and I documented the
entire journey, the highs, the lows, the
wins, the losses, and everything in
between. By the end of this video, you
will have a complete step-by-step system
on how to analyze any chart and execute
a trade from start to finish. [music]
You will not leave this YouTube video
more confused than when you came.
Obviously, I'm just really good at what
I do. So, you just stick around, you're
going to learn something. But first, I
want to set the stage. This entire
strategy is based on one simple concept,
[music] trend lines. So, let's start at
the very beginning. What is a trend
line? A trend line is a line that you
draw on your chart that shows the
direction [music] price is moving in.
Fun fact, trend lines have been used by
traders for over a hundred freaking
years. They are one of the original
tools of technical analysis. I'm talking
the literal Stone Age basics of
technical analysis was the trend [music]
line. And this is dating all the way
back to Charles Dow, which I'm not sure
if it sounds a little familiar to you,
the literal guy himself, the Dow Jones
is named after. But this is why I love
trend lines so much. [music] So, it's
not like some new concept that we're
trying to reinvent. This is the literal
foundation [music] of technical
analysis. So, this trend line based
strategy allows us to read the markets
the same way that the best traders way
back in the day have read it for over a
century. [music] And I don't know if
that gives you a peace of mind knowing
that like we're not reinventing the
wheel. We're just utilizing the absolute
foundational [music] essential tool of
trading. So, now that we know what a
trend line is, we know it's the basics,
the essential, the foundation, there are
two types of trend lines. There's an
upward trend line and there's a downward
trend line. The upward trend line is
what we call bullish. It connects
[music] higher lows. It means that price
is pushing up higher. There is a
downward trend line. This is called a
bearish trend line. This connects lower
highs. It means that price is pushing
lower. The platform that we are going to
use to draw these trend lines on is
TradingView. [music]
This is the most widely used platform
for all traders ever. It is free to get
started. It works in your browser and it
gives you everything that you need to
analyze your charts and mark [music]
them up. It's all we need. Now, let's
talk about the tool. TradingView has a
bucket of trend line tools. Out of all
of the trend line tools that TradingView
has to offer, we're going to use the one
called the ray tool. The ray tool gives
us a point A and a point B and then
extends indefinitely in one direction.
The point A is the pivot point. The
point B locks in the degree or the angle
that we're going to draw it at. And then
the [music] line will extend
indefinitely in the other direction to
help us see what price might potentially
do in the future. And just because I'm
kind of artsy-fartsy and I like to color
code things, I like to make my upward
trend lines green and my downward trend
lines red. So, we know what trend lines
are. We know how important they are when
it comes to technical analysis. And now
I'm going to introduce a new concept to
you guys, which is essentially step one,
phase one, part one. This is something
called top-down analysis. So, before we
hop into the charts and draw any lines,
we need to talk about top-down analysis.
Top-down analysis is the process of
analyzing an asset from a higher time
frame working your way down. So, it'll
be a monthly time frame, a weekly time
frame, [music] a daily time frame, a
4-hour time frame, a 1-hour time frame,
and then so on and so forth until you
reach the time frame that you decide to
execute your trades on. Now, why do we
use this top-down analysis? Higher time
frames hold more weight than the lower
time frames because they contain more
data, more information. So, they show us
the major trends, the major key levels,
and how price has been moving over time.
The lower time frames show us what's
happening in the moment, right here,
right now. The strategy works so well
because we use both of these time frames
together. [music] The higher time frame
gives us context for the lower time
frames. So, the bigger picture of what
the markets have done in the past and
the shifts that they've made, we combine
that with what the price is doing in the
lower time frames. Now, I've got a few
analogies that help us understand why
higher time frame analysis or top-down
analysis is so important. So, think
about it like this. We're going to start
with the FBI agent analogy, which I know
there's a lot of women out there that
feel like they are FBI agents. [music]
If you know, you know. You investigate,
you will study the past, every clue,
every pattern, every piece of history,
and then you build a case. [music] So,
by the time that something happens that
the FBI agent, you know, the one behind
your computer screen is waiting for you
to do, they've already anticipated a
move that you might make because they've
studied everything you've done in the
past, [music] your patterns. Another
analogy would be a fighter. So, let's
say that you are getting ready to fight
your opponent. Before a match, you need
to watch hours of old footage of your
opponent. Every move that they make,
their weaknesses, their habits. So,
[music] by the time you step into the
ring, you already have an idea of what
your opponent is likely to do cuz you've
already studied their habits, their
moves. Do they usually use their left
hand? Are they left forward? I mean, I
don't really know anything about
fighting, but I'd imagine [music] that's
the things that you would study. How do
they block? But, you're prepared when
you step into the ring because you've
done your research. And yet again, this
is exactly what we're doing with higher
time frames. [music] We are just
gathering the research. We're doing the
research on the instrument to help us
make a more informed [music] decision on
what it's likely to do in the future.
So, that is the whole point of top-down
analysis. This is why it's so important,
and this is why this is step one when it
[music] comes to this entire strategy.
We need to research our instruments. The
higher time frames give us context, the
lower time frames give us our entries,
[music] our trade management, and our
exits. So, now that we understand why
we're going to implement top-down
analysis, let's learn how to do top-down
analysis. [music] So, now it's time to
get into the charts, open the screens,
and draw some lines. Here we go. Now,
the instrument that we are going to
practice or learn our top-down analysis
on is a very popular instrument. One
that everyone has heard of. I figured
the most generic and most broad the
better, so that we can all understand
and relate. We're going to do our
top-down analysis on Bitcoin. We are
looking at Bitcoin on TradingView. Now,
what you see in front of you is a
completely naked chart. There are no
indicators on it. There's no volume.
There's no [music] session lines. This
is purely price action. This is the
movement of Bitcoin. This is all we
need. Now, when we do our top-down
analysis, it's a quite literal term or a
quite literal phrase, we start at the
top and work our way down. So, that
means we're going to start with the
highest time frame. We're going to go to
the monthly time frame on Bitcoin.
This right here is everything Bitcoin
has ever done. This is our full context.
This is us doing our research on Bitcoin
before we get married, before we
actually place a trade. What we're going
to do is utilize our trend lines. And
remember, TradingView has the trend line
toolbox over here. And then the specific
trend line tool that we're going to use
is the ray tool. So, you can go ahead
and star that.
This will keep the tool right here
easily accessible to the left. So, we
are going to start using our trend
lines. But, the top-down analysis is
what gives them structure. It gives the
entire strategy or the entire system
repeatability and a process. A
step-by-step process that you can
implement [music] across any instrument.
So, after today's video, we'll have done
it together with Bitcoin, but you can do
it your own on crude oil, on gold, on
the Nasdaq, on the Dow, on Tesla. You
can do this same top-down analysis on
any instrument, which is the coolest
part. Now, what we're doing with these
trend lines, this top-down analysis, is
taking all of the context of everything
it's ever done, leading all the way up
to real-time price action to help us
with a decision real-time. The price of
Bitcoin right now is at 78,015.
We to do our top-down analysis and draw
our trend lines tracking all the way up
as close to real-time price action as we
can. Now, what does that look like? That
means we're going to identify trends in
every single one of these time frames
leading all the way up to the one-hour
time frame. When we're drawing our very
first ever trend line, we are going to
look for the lowest point we see on the
screen.
Now, there's going to be a few rules and
guidelines that we have to these trend
lines specifically. One rule will be
specific to the very first trend line we
draw. The very first trend line we draw
needs to start with the lowest point we
see on the screen.
This is going to be the first rule for
our very first upward trend line. Just a
preface. We'll have upward trend lines
and downward. Remember, bullish and
bearish trend lines. So, the rule for
drawing our very first upward trend
line, we're looking for the lowest point
we see on the screen. [music] We also
need to have this line angled in some
degree upwards. This cannot be a
horizontal line. So, I'll show you what
would be incorrect and what would be
correct.
This right here, using the actual lowest
points of Bitcoin, this line would be
incorrect. This is a horizontal line.
When drawing our very first upward trend
line, it has to angle upwards. So, we're
going to use the lowest point we see on
the screen while also angling our trend
line upward. Now, what are some other
rules for our trend line? When
continuing to draw trend lines, we're
going to have these set of guidelines to
abide by. One, [music] every trend line
has to connect to one another. Two, we
try to capture as many touch points as
possible. Three, price cannot have
intersected or poked through the trend
line. As long as we follow these three
rules, you'll be able to correctly move
through your top-down analysis. So,
anytime you're unsure, just go back to
those same rules. Make sure, okay, did
my trend line connect to the last one?
Am I trying to capture as many touch
points as possible? And have I made sure
that price hasn't crossed through or
intersected my trend line? So, on our
very first upward trend line, we were
able to capture one, two, three touch
points. Great. We captured as many touch
points as possible. It's angled upward.
Price hasn't poked through or
intersected.
>> [music]
>> Now, when drawing our next trend line, a
good rule of thumb here to figure out or
to remember how to connect each one of
our trendlines is Remember I said we
have these two points here, a point A
and a point B. We've got a pivot point,
which is our initial starting touch
point, and then we've got our point B,
which locks in the angle or the degree
of where we're drawing our trendline.
I like to call this one point A, this
one point B.
When connecting trendlines, the previous
point B will always be the new point A.
So, drawing a new trendline here, we've
got a new point A. It's going to start
at the previous trendline's point B.
Boom.
Now, we're going to follow these same
exact rules that we just
followed in the last trendline. Try to
capture as many touchpoints as possible.
Make sure that the line connects to one
another, and price cannot have poked
through or intersected. Now, I want to
give you an example of what it looks
like to have had price intersect or poke
through, and what's incorrect.
>> [music]
>> If this line was to go up any steeper
like this,
this line would be incorrect. Price has
broken through the trendline already.
So, you want to think of these
trendlines as truly holding the price
up. So, this would be the correct
placement of our next trendline. So,
we're working towards getting as close
to real-time price action as possible.
So, we're going to continue connecting
and drawing these trendlines until we
can get as close to here as we can. So,
that means we have more trendlines to
draw. So, let's keep going. Next
trendline, same rules. Previous point B
is new point A. Capture as many
touchpoints as possible without price
intersecting. Okay? We have followed all
of our guidelines, and we are ready to
draw yet one more upward trendline.
Previous point B, new point A.
And this is as far as we can go for this
one. This is all of the upward
trendlines that we can draw for the
monthly timeframe on Bitcoin. We do need
[music] a downward trendline. So, we
want to track upward and downward
trends, bullish and bearish trends.
There's going to be some instances where
on higher timeframes, there isn't a
downward trendline to draw, but in this
instance, we can here in Bitcoin. So,
we're going to draw our very first
downward trendline. So, remember we had
some rules for our very first upward
trend line. We're going to implement
those same rules, same same but
different, for the downward trend line.
So, for our very first downward trend
line that we're drawing on the monthly
time frame, we're looking for the
highest point that we see on the screen,
and then we just continue to implement
the same exact guidelines or the same
exact rules as before.
Try to capture as many touch points as
possible without having price
intersected or poked through. And I'm
going to change the color of the
downward trend lines just to
differentiate the two. Now, we've got
red downward and green upward. So, this
is all we can do on the monthly time
frame. We've gotten as close to
real-time price action as we can. This
is now our indication that we can
continue this top-down process. So, we
did everything that we need to do in the
monthly. Now, we're going to do the same
exact process in the weekly time frame.
Weekly time [music] frame here. Quick
tip here. So, when we go from the higher
time frames to the lower time frames,
think of it like we are looking at price
with a magnifying glass or under a
stronger and stronger lens. So, that
means we're getting a little bit more
precise and we're seeing more price
action or more movement. So, when we go
from the higher time frames to the lower
time frames, you'll notice that things
are just a little bit off or a little
bit wonky. All we'll do is just simply
make some adjustments to make sure we're
still following those rules. So, price
poked through just a little bit here.
We'll take this line and adjust it.
Price was a little bit off on this line
here. We're going to take the line,
simply adjust it, get it a little bit
more accurate. There we go. And then
same for the downward trend line. It's a
little bit off, so we're just going to
simply adjust it here and adjust this
one here. There we go. So, this is just
a tip to keep in mind when you're going
to the lower time frames. You'll just
need to make some slight adjustments
every time. Okay, now we're in the
weekly time frame. For the weekly time
frame, there are no additional downward
trend lines we can draw. We've gotten as
close to real-time price action as
possible in this time frame. But, there
is some additional upward trend lines
that we can draw to help get us closer.
So, we're going to follow the same
[music] steps, the same guidelines. When
drawing another trend line, make sure it
connects to one another. Previous point
B is new point A. Capture as many touch
points as possible without price
intersecting. Now, I'm going to make
this green again. There we go. And that
is as far as we can go in the weekly
time frame. So, not as many trend lines
that we needed to draw on the weekly and
that'll happen with different
instruments that you do a top-down
analysis on. But, for this one
specifically, not too much we needed to
do on the weekly. So, now it's our
indication, we can continue to move
down. We did monthly, we did weekly, now
let's work our way down to the daily
timeframe. And you'll see some
adjustments need to be made, price poked
through a little bit over here, we just
need to make some adjustments.
There we go.
Adjust this one here, perfect.
And adjust this [music] one
here. Now, we can see a steeper upward
trend line that we can draw. Previous
point B is new point A.
Try to capture as many touch points as
possible without price intersecting.
There are [music] still no additional
downward trend lines we can draw. So,
this is our indication, we can continue
moving down. Now, let's go to the 4-hour
timeframe. 4-hour timeframe, we need to
make some slight adjustments here,
slight adjustment here, and now we can
finally come in with one more steeper
downward trend line.
>> [music]
>> Capture as many touch points as
possible, we're going to make it red,
make sure price hasn't intersected, and
we're going to reach our final
destination. Now, we're going to move
down to our final timeframe here, the
1-hour timeframe. So, we're going to
stop in the 1-hour timeframe for this
video's example. It does not mean that
you have to stop at the 1-hour
timeframe. If you decide to trade a
lower timeframe, you'll just continue
these same steps with the same process
working your way down to the lower. For
example, if you trade a 5-minute
timeframe, you will go from the 1-hour
to the 30-minute to the 15 to the 10
then to the five. That's where you'll
stop. But, for today, we're going to
stop at the 1-hour timeframe. Now, we
have made it to the 1-hour timeframe and
there are no additional lines that need
to be drawn. We have completed our very
first top-down analysis.
Congratulations. Okay, now that you know
how to do your top-down analysis, here's
where we are. We have a chart, we have a
bunch of trend lines, some are bullish,
some are bearish, some are going up,
some are going down, some are green,
some are red. So, right now, they're
just lines. It's just showing us what
price has done in the past and [music]
how it's gotten to where it's at now,
how it's gotten to real-time price
action. But, that brings me to my
absolute favorite [music] part of this
entire strategy. We don't ever have to
guess where price is going next. It is
one of the coolest parts and the most
exciting part of the strategy and it
gets me so excited and I don't know if
you've ever heard of girlfriend brain,
but this is like this strategy is
girlfriend brain. We don't have to
figure out what we're going to eat for
dinner tonight, where we're going, what
we want to wear. This is where it all
comes together. The price [music] is the
one in control. The price will tell us
when to get in. The price will tell us
what direction to take and the price
will tell us when to get out. Our entire
job in this whole system in this whole
strategy is to simply follow the price.
That is the strategy. Now, I'm going to
introduce you to two terms that makes
all of this come together, that makes
all of this work. The two terms you need
to know is action line and safety
[music] line. So, let's start with the
action line. The action line is yet
another very literal term. [music] I
love the literal, easy to understand
terms of the strategy. Action line means
it is time to take action, time to place
a trade. This is when we enter a
position. So, here's the logic and this
part is super important. If [music]
price breaks an upward trend line, that
means the uptrend is being violated.
Buyers aren't in control anymore, so we
are taking a short position. We're
betting the price continues down. If
price breaks a downward trend line, that
means that the downtrend is being
violated. [music] Sellers are not in
control anymore, so we take a long
position. We are betting the price
continues up. The line that price broke
is our action line and the direction
that price broke will tell us which
direction to trade. That right there.
Price breaks a line, we take a trade in
the direction [music] of the break. That
is your entry criteria, that is your
foundation. Quick note, there are ways
to get more picky about your There are
things that you can layer on to help you
get pickier about your setups. There's
different playbooks that you can take,
but in today's video we're going to go
over the foundation of the entry model
here. Now, the second term, the [music]
safety line. The safety line is exactly
what it sounds like. It is the line
that's going to keep us safe in our
trade. The safety line will always be
the opposing trend line to the action
[music] line. It is the line moving in
the opposite direction of the action
line. So, if we took a short position
because price broke an upward trend
line, our safety line is the downward
trend line above price. If we took a
long position because price broke a
downward trendline, our safety line is
the upward trendline below price. Now,
here's how it works. As long as price
[music] keeps moving in our direction
and respects the safety line, we stay in
the trade. The safety line is literally
the line just keeping us safe in our
trade. And it's always keeping us in
profit. As soon as price violates the
safety line, we are no longer safe in
our trade, it is time to close our
position. And that is our exit. So, just
like our entry criteria, this is our
exit criteria. We don't have to guess
when to close our trade. Price will tell
us exactly when to do that. Are there
more layers? Yes. There is criteria,
there are things that we can do to help
us get more precise. There are filters
that can help us look for the best
setups, and there are a ton of different
playbooks that you can use with this.
But, the foundation is this. Action line
gets us in, safety line gets [music] us
out. You know when to enter because
price told you, and you know when to
exit because price told you. If I had to
take everything that I have learned in
the past 11 years of trading and boil it
down into three words, it would be that:
follow the price. [music] Now, let's get
into a few advanced tips here. Let's get
into position sizing, stop losses, and
trade management. We now know when to
enter and what direction to take [music]
the trade in. But, that is only half the
trade. The other half is how much to put
into the trade. And this means how many
shares, how many contracts, [music] how
many lots, how big of a position size
are we getting into this trade? And how
much money are you willing to lose if
this trade doesn't work out? That
decision is on you. Unfortunately, there
is some part of the strategy that does
require your own discretion or your own
decision. And that is [music] position
sizing. But, it comes down to two
things: position sizing and stop loss.
Now, what is a stop loss? Stop loss is
also exactly what it sounds like. It is
a tool that stops your loss. Now, you
will set this before you even get into
your trade. So, this is what you decide.
If you get into this position because of
our action line, price moves against me
and violates [music] my safety line, how
much am I willing to lose? The stop loss
closes the trade for you automatically.
It is how you protect yourself from
losing more than you planned. Now,
[music] for us, we know our entry model,
we know our exit model, and we know that
our exit model is the safety line. So,
the stop loss will always go on the
other side of the safety line. So, if
price hits that level, violates the
safety line, that is where a [music]
stop loss will be initiated. And that's
how we know the trade is no longer
working. That's how we know we're no
longer safe in our position, close our
trade. Now, position sizing. What is
position sizing? Position sizing is how
big your trade is. How many shares of a
stock, how many contracts [music] of a
future, how many lots of a forex pair,
how many is the position sizing. Now,
the bigger position sizing, the more
money that you'll make if it moves in
your favor or if the trade works out,
but also the more money that you'll lose
if it doesn't work out. So, how do you
decide how big to go? You base it on how
much you're willing to lose. That is
essentially it. Now, we do have a rule
of thumb for beginners. Never risk more
than 1 to 2% of your capital on a single
trade. Capital just means the amount of
money that you have deposited in your
account, the amount of money that you
have to trade with. So, if you have
$10,000 in your account and you're
willing to [music] risk 1 to 2%, that
means you're willing to lose 100 to $200
per trade. So, that is the most that
you're willing to risk on any [music]
single trade. If you risk too much per
trade, one bad trade could entirely wipe
you out or take a huge hit to your
account. So, [music] when it comes to
trading, we're working with
probabilities, so we want to keep that
range of 1 to 2% so that you could take
like 10 losses in a row,
back-to-back-to-back, [music]
and you still haven't made a huge dent
on your account. And that allows
probabilities to work in our favor.
Small risk per trade [music] keeps you
in the game, and that's why this is a
great rule of thumb for beginners. It
allows the beginners to stay in long
enough to actually see it through. Now,
quick side note before we keep going,
you may be thinking, "I don't have
$10,000 to trade with, so these numbers
aren't even really clicking to me." But
don't worry, that's not an issue. There
is a solution. We'll get into it later
in the video. But just keep that in the
back of your mind, but for now, let's
keep going. Now, here's one last concept
to add to all of this, trailing your
stop. The safety line isn't just where
you place your initial stop loss. As
price moves in your favor and respects
your safety line, your stop will trail
along that safety line. This allows you
to maximize on profits when you're up
instead of allowing price to come all
the way back down to the original stop
loss. So, you move it, it's dynamic. It
moves along with the safety line. This
is called your trailing stop. [music]
Think of it this way, the safety line is
a dynamic concept. Price will continue
to ebb and flow and move along your
safety line. The stop loss we will keep
adjusting. [music]
Your stop loss follows that same line.
So, the longer that the trade is working
out, the more [music] profits that
you'll lock in along the way. Now, this
part is hands-on. You will be manually
moving your stop along the safety line
as price [music] progresses. As price
shifts and moves along with your safety
line, you will take that stop loss and
continue [music] to move it as price
ebbs and flows along your safety line.
So, that is essentially the stop loss
placement [music] and safety line in
one. Your safety line is your trailing
stop. They are one in the same. And for
some traders who have already been doing
this for a while, the acronym SL, safety
[music] line, same as stop loss, SL.
But, it tells you exactly where your
stop should be and how you should trail
them and how you should move them.
Everything is dictated by what price
does. [music] If the price moves along
and respects your safety line, so does
your stop loss. If price moves along
your safety line, [music] you're staying
in your trade. As soon as price
violates, you're closing your trade. All
of our decision-making is done based on
what the price is doing. Follow the
price. Always come back to that phrase.
Here's what every single trade looks
like for us. One, top-down analysis.
Make sure you mark up your charts.
You've done your research on what price
has done overall leading all the way up
to real-time price action. Two, action
line. Wait for price to break your trend
line and then you get into a trade in
the direction of the break. Three,
pre-planned position sizing and stop
loss [music] placement. This is our
initial risk. How much are we willing to
lose if we get into this position?
Remember, 1 to 2% of your capital for
beginners. Four, trail your safety line.
And then five, price tells you when to
exit. [music] as price violates the
safety line, it's time to close the
trade. That is the entire framework,
step by step. And if you want to see the
strategy be implemented on a live
account, I've done plenty of trade
breakdowns where I go over this exact
strategy using my own personal live
account. Click any of the videos over
here. Later in this video, I'm going to
show you exactly how we utilize these
trend lines to place our trades. And I'm
going to show you this process in real
time, step by step, what the market is
doing right now, today. Here's what to
do next. Go on to TradingView and
activate their paper trading account.
You want to enter a number that is
closer to the realistic amount that
you're actually going to be trading
with. This is how you get the reps in
and this is where you start. You can
enter $10,000, you can enter 20, 25, 50,
100k, 200k, whatever you think would be
more realistic to what you'd actually
like to trade with. Paper trading is
using fake money, but you've got real
market conditions and real price action.
So, you follow the same exact rules or
the same exact system that we just went
over. Same setups, same risk, same stop
losses. This is where you're going to
get the reps in, build the consistency,
master the strategy. Once you've done
that, once you have actually proven
consistency to yourself that this
strategy works, that's when you get to
look into something called a prop firm.
Prop firm is short for proprietary
trading firm. This is a company that
will give you access to trading capital.
So, instead of risking your own $10,000,
remember we talked earlier about if you
don't have $10,000 to invest into a
trading account, this is the
alternative. They will give you access
to trading 10,000, 25,000, 50,000, 100
to even $200,000 worth of trading
capital. Here's how it works. You pay a
small fee to take an evaluation. The
evaluation is a test, so come to the
test prepared. They will give you a
simulated account at the size that
you're trying to get funded for, so
you'll take an evaluation for a 10k
account, you'll take an evaluation for a
50k account, or a 100k account. So, you
have to prove that you can trade
profitably and consistently using their
rules. Things like a daily loss limit,
profit targets, etc. If you pass the
evaluation, you get access to the funded
account. Capital from the firm to trade
with. And when you make money on that
account, you and the prop firm split the
profits. Most firms pay out between 70
and 90% of profits to the trader. The
reason that I love prop firms so much is
that it is the lowest barrier to entry
to get into trading. These evaluations
cost anywhere between 50 to $100. So,
think about this. If you want to trade a
$100,000 in a futures account, you've
got to deposit $100,000 in a futures
account. Most people don't have that.
With a prop firm, the only amount of
money that you're risking is the amount
that you paid for the evaluation, which
is usually around $100. And that's it.
Get funded and start trading. It is
hands down the best path forward for
anyone who's serious about trading that
doesn't have that larger amount of
capital to start with. Now, here's my
recommendation, Alpha Futures. Alpha
Futures has a 50K premium account that
costs around $79 for the evaluation.
That gets you access to $50,000 worth of
futures capital. And if you enter code
Tory at the checkout, you'll get a
discount. And if you're not a futures
trader, there's also Alpha Capital, and
you can use code Tory for a discount
there as well. So, if you want to take
the next step, the link will be in the
description below. Now, there's one more
thing. If you have made it this far, it
is the ongoing maintenance of our trend
lines. What does that look like? If you
do your top-down analysis, you wait for
price to cross one of your lines, you
close your screens, maybe a day goes by,
you come back. How do you readjust your
lines? How do you maintain the lines?
So, I want to go over that example
before we finish today's video. How do
you continue to do this again and again
after today? So, your chart is not a
static picture. The price is not going
to just stay where you left it when you
do your top-down analysis. Price will
continue to ebb and flow and move. So,
as price moves through your old trend
lines, you need to update your lines.
You need to update to new touch points,
new highs and new [music] lows. Markets
are always changing directions, always
creating new trends, so your trend lines
need to adapt with them. Now, this is
what you do regularly. This is not on a
weekly basis or a monthly basis.
Adjusting your lines is on a daily
basis. So, you'll sit down, you'll go to
your designated time frame, and see what
lines need to be adjusted. Your daily
routine is what separates you from
traders who guess versus traders who
have an actual system and an actual
process. Now, let me show you what this
looks like on the charts. Now, let's say
that you go back to Bitcoin. You've done
your top-down analysis already, but the
price has since then crossed through. It
has broken through and violated one of
the trend lines. Now, you weren't able
to get into a position when it crossed,
so you need to modify or adjust your
trend lines to prepare for the next
move. This is what the ongoing
maintenance looks like.
If you open up your charts and price has
already crossed through some of your
trend lines, you're going to go back and
abide by those same rules that we went
over. Make sure price is not
intersected. Make sure lines will always
connect to one another, and try to
capture as many touch points as
possible.
So, if I want to adjust this line
>> [music]
>> to the correct area based on what price
has done now,
I will take this point B and move it
here. Now, price has not intersected and
I've still followed all of my rules.
This is what the ongoing maintenance
looks like. Now, once price breaks one
of these two lines, we understand that
we've got an entry, we've got trade
management, and we've got an exit. But,
as you maintain your lines and as you
continue to watch price day after day,
you will need to adjust these lines. And
this is what the ongoing maintenance
looks like. So, now you have a clear
idea of how to get in, how to manage a
trade, how to get out, and what the
ongoing maintenance looks like for trend
lines. How do we adjust them when price
breaks them and we didn't get in on the
opportunity or we didn't get in on the
trade. That's everything. So, there it
is, the complete trend line system. No
indicators, no noise, no confusion, a
very clear step-by-step system and
strategy. You start from the top,
monthly, weekly, [music] daily, 4-hour,
1-hour, or continue down to some lower
time frames. You know exactly when to
enter your trades, how to manage your
trades, and when to exit. And you even
know how to maintain your trend lines
after price has already broken through.
So, that is the whole system. It is
simple, it is repeatable, it works on
any market, [music] any instrument, and
any time frame. This is purely a price
action-based trend line system. [music]
Thanks for watching, everybody. Hope
this is helpful.